I have a DECLARE declarative process model containing the following constraints (here we provide a short explanation):
Existence: the activity is executed at least once.
Absence: the activity is not executed.
Exactly 1: the activity is executed exactly one time.
Initialization: the trace starts with one of the given activities.
Responded existence: given a couple of activities (A, B), if A occurs then B also occurs.
Co-Existence: given a couple of activities (A, B), if A occurs then B also occurs.
Response: given a couple of activities (A, B), if A occurs then B also occurs in the future of the trace.
Precedence: given a couple of activities (A, B), if B occurs then also A occurs in the past of the trace.
Succession: given a couple of activities (A, B), both the response and precedence constraints are satisfied.
Alternate response, alternate precedence, alternate succession: as the constraints mentioned above, but strenghtened by specifying that the events must alternate without repetitions.
Chain response, chain precedence, chain succession: as the constraints mentioned above, strenghtened by imposing the directly-follows relation.
Non Co-Existence: given a couple of activities (A, B), if A occurs then B should not occur.
Non Succession and non Chain succession: given a couple of activities (A, B), B should not follow A.

A DECLARE model in pm4py is expressed as a Python dictionary containing the following keys:
'existence', 'absence', 'exactly_one', 'init', 'responded_existence', 'coexistence', 'response', 'precedence', 'succession', 'altresponse', 'altprecedence', 'altsuccession', 'chainresponse', 'chainprecedence', 'chainsuccession', 'noncoexistence', 'nonsuccession', 'nonchainsuccession'
For the keys {'existence', 'absence', 'exactly_one', 'init'}, the value is a dictionary containing as keys the activities and as corresponding value the support (please set it to 1.0) and confidence of the declarative rule.
For the keys {'responded_existence', 'coexistence', 'response', 'precedence', 'succession', 'altresponse', 'altprecedence', 'altsuccession', 'chainresponse', 'chainprecedence', 'chainsuccession', 'noncoexistence', 'nonsuccession', 'nonchainsuccession'}, the value is a dictionary containing as keys the activities and as corresponding value the support (please set it to 1.0) and confidence of the declarative rule.

Can you generate a DECLARE model for an hypothetic Purchase-to-Pay process?
