<think>
Okay, I need to construct an accepting Petri net for this insurance claim management process. Let me start by understanding the requirements.

First, the process steps are listed, and there are some loops. The main steps are C (start), then CR, DV, FC, CA, AP, P, N, CL. But between DV and CA, there's a possible RDS if documents are incomplete. Similarly, between FC and CA, there might be an II (In-depth Investigation) if fraud is suspected. These loops can happen multiple times. So the Petri net should model these possible repetitions.

Hmm, in Petri nets, loops are typically handled with places that can hold multiple tokens, allowing the transition to be re entered. So for the RDS loop after DV, maybe there's a place that can hold 0 or more tokens, indicating whether the documents need to be resubmitted. Wait, but how do we model the condition? Like, after DV, if documents are incomplete, we go to RDS, which then might loop back to DV again? Or maybe the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times until the documents are complete?

Alternatively, perhaps the process is structured so that after DV, if the documents are incomplete, we go to RDS (which might have a transition that loops back to the DV step). But since Petri nets are state machines, maybe the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times, each time leading back to the DV step? Or perhaps the DV place has some condition that when it's not satisfied, the token moves to RDS, which then loops back to the DV step until it's satisfied?

Hmm, perhaps a better approach is to represent the possible repetitions as places that can hold tokens indicating the need for reprocessing. For example:

After the DV step, there might be a place that holds a token only if the documents are incomplete. If so, the next transition (like RDS) would be enabled, which then loops back to the DV step. Wait, but how to model that?

Alternatively, maybe the process after DV has a place that can loop back. Let me think step by step.

Let me outline the steps in order, considering possible loops:

Start with the initial claim (C). Then:

1. Claim Registration (CR) - this is a transition that consumes the initial token from the start place.
2. Then Document Verification (DV) - another transition.
3. After DV, check if documents are incomplete. If yes, go to Re-Document Submission (RDS). But how to model this condition?

Wait, in Petri nets, the transitions are enabled based on the number of tokens in places. So perhaps after DV, we have a place that can have 0 or 1 token indicating whether the documents are incomplete. Wait, maybe not. Alternatively, the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times. Let's think of it as:

After DV, if the documents are incomplete, we need to go back to RDS, which then leads back to DV again. But how do we model that?

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS is a transition that, when taken, goes back to the previous step (DV). Wait, but in a Petri net, transitions can only go forward or backward through arcs. Let me structure the places and transitions step by step.

Let me try to list all the places and transitions in the order they should occur, considering possible loops.

The main sequence is:

Start (C)  CR  DV  [RDS loop here if needed]  FC  [II loop here if needed]  CA  AP  P  N  CL (Final).

Wait, but the loops are after DV and after FC. Let me think of the places and transitions.

First, the start place has a token to begin.

Place 0: Start (initial place with the initial token).

Transition CR leads from Start to Place 1 (after CR).

Place 1: After CR, then we go to DV. So transition CR leads to Place 2 (DV place? Or maybe the transitions are labeled as the activities, and places represent states between them).

Wait, perhaps each step is a place. Let me think of each activity as a transition, and the places are the states between them. For example:

Start place (0 tokens initially, but with the initial token placed here). Then, after CR, we move to place CR_done? Or perhaps each transition corresponds to an activity, and the places are the states between them.

Alternatively, each activity is a transition, and the places represent the states. So the sequence would be:

Start Place (S)  CR transition  Place after CR (P1)  DV transition  Place after DV (P2). Then, from P2, if documents are incomplete, we need to go back to RDS. Wait, but how to model the condition?

Hmm, perhaps the DV step is followed by a place that can have a token indicating that documents are incomplete, and if so, we go to the RDS transition, which then loops back to the DV step again. Wait, maybe:

After DV (transition), we have a place P_DV. From there, there's a transition that leads to either RDS or proceed to FC. Wait, perhaps the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times. Let me think of it as:

After DV, the next step could be a choice between proceeding to FC or going to RDS (if documents are incomplete). But how to model that choice? Maybe the RDS is a loop that can be taken any number of times until the documents are considered complete. So, the place after DV has a token that, if present, triggers the RDS transition, which then loops back to the DV step again.

Alternatively, here's an approach:

After DV, there's a place that can hold a token indicating that the documents are incomplete. If that token is present, then the next transition is RDS, which then goes back to the DV place. Wait, but how?

Alternatively, the RDS transition is a self-loop on the DV place? Hmm, perhaps not. Maybe the structure is like this:

The main path after DV is to go to FC, but before that, if the documents are incomplete, we have to go through RDS again. So perhaps after DV, there's a place that can have a token indicating the need for re-submission. If that token is present, the next transition is RDS, which then loops back to the DV place. Once the documents are complete (so the token is removed), the process proceeds to FC.

Wait, maybe the DV place itself has a token that, when present, requires going through RDS again. Let me try to outline the places and transitions step by step.

Let me try to outline all the places and transitions in order, considering loops.

Start with the initial place (S) which has the starting token.

Transition CR leads from S to Place1 (after CR).

Place1 has no tokens initially except the ones moved from S.

Then, from Place1, the next transition is DV. So transition DV leads to Place2 (after DV).

Now, Place2 is where we are after DV. Now, here's where the loop can occur. If the documents are incomplete, we need to go back to RDS. How to model that?

Maybe Place2 has a token that, when present, indicates that re-submission is needed. Wait, perhaps instead, after DV, we have a transition that can choose between proceeding to FC or going back to RDS. But how to model that choice?

Alternatively, the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times. So after DV, there's a place that can loop back to RDS, which then goes back to the DV step. Wait, perhaps:

After DV (transition), the next step is a place where the RDS transition is possible. For example:

After DV, we go to Place3. From Place3, there is a transition RDS which leads back to Place2 (DV's place). But how do we know when to stop the loop?

Alternatively, the RDS transition can be taken any number of times, but once the documents are considered complete, the token is removed and proceeds to FC. Hmm, perhaps the RDS transition is enabled as long as there's a token in a specific place indicating that re-submission is needed. For example:

After DV, we have a place P_RDS that can hold a token. If that token is present, then the RDS transition can be taken. The RDS transition would remove the token from P_RDS and place a token in a place that allows proceeding to the next step. Wait, maybe not. Alternatively, the RDS transition would loop back to the DV step.

Alternatively, perhaps the Place2 (after DV) has a self-loop via RDS transition. But then how do we exit the loop?

Hmm, perhaps the RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times, each time moving back to the DV step. But to exit, maybe after the RDS, the transition can choose to go to FC or stay in the loop. Wait, but in Petri nets, transitions are deterministic based on the number of tokens in places. So maybe the RDS is only possible when a certain condition is met (like a token in a place indicating incomplete documents), and once that condition is resolved, the token is removed and the process continues.

Alternatively, here's a possible structure:

After DV (transition), we have a place called "DV complete" which is initially empty. Wait, perhaps the DV step's result is stored in a place. Let me think differently.

Alternatively, after DV, we have a place that can hold a token indicating that documents are incomplete. Let's say:

After the DV transition (from Place1 to Place2), Place2 has a token only if documents are incomplete. Wait, maybe not. Let me think of Place2 as the place after DV. From Place2, there is a transition to either RDS or to FC. But how to model the condition?

Alternatively, the RDS transition is only enabled if a certain place has a token. For example:

After DV, we have a place called "Check completeness". If that place has a token, then we can take the RDS transition, which would remove the token and loop back to the DV step. Otherwise, proceed to FC.

So here's the idea:

- Place2 (after DV) has a transition to a place called CheckCompleteness. If CheckCompleteness has a token, then RDS can be taken, which loops back to Place2 (DV). Otherwise, go to FC.

Wait, perhaps:

Structure after DV:

Place2 (after DV)  CheckCompleteness (place with 0 or 1 token? Or maybe the token is in another place). Hmm, maybe the CheckCompleteness is a place that has a token if documents are incomplete. Wait, perhaps:

After DV, we have a transition that leads to a place called "RDS_needed". If RDS_needed has a token, then we can take the RDS transition, which loops back to the DV step. Once RDS is done, the token is removed, and the process proceeds to FC.

Alternatively, maybe:

After DV (transition), we have a place called "DV_result". From DV_result, there's a transition to either RDS or FC. The RDS transition is only possible if a certain condition is met (like a token in a place indicating incomplete docs). 

This is getting a bit confusing. Maybe I should represent the possible loops as places that can hold multiple tokens, allowing the transitions to be repeated until the condition is met.

For example, the RDS loop:

After DV, we have a place that can hold a token indicating that re-submission is needed. If that place has a token, we can go through RDS, which would then remove that token and loop back to the DV step again. Wait, but how does the token get removed? Maybe RDS consumes the token and loops back, but then when the token is gone, the process proceeds.

Wait, here's a possible approach:

The RDS is a transition that can be taken multiple times. Each time RDS is taken, it moves a token from a place indicating that re-submission is needed, then loops back to the previous step (DV). The loop continues until that place has no tokens left, meaning the documents are complete.

So the structure would be:

After DV, there is a place called "RDS_needed" which has a token only if re-submission is required. Wait, but how is that token placed? Maybe the RDS_needed place is only entered when the documents are incomplete. Hmm, perhaps the initial state after DV has a transition to RDS_needed, but that's not quite right.

Alternatively, after DV, the next transition is to a place that can either go to RDS or proceed. Let me try to structure this step by step.

Let me start building the places and transitions step by step:

1. Start Place (S): This is the initial place with the starting token.

Transitions from S: CR (to Place1).

2. Place1: After CR is done. From Place1, the next transition is DV (to Place2).

3. Place2: After DV. Now, here's where the RDS loop could start.

From Place2, there are two possible transitions: one leading to RDS (if needed) and another leading to FC.

Wait, but how to decide which transition to take? Maybe the RDS transition is only enabled when a certain condition is met. Let's introduce a place that indicates whether re-submission is needed.

Let me add a place called "RDS_needed" which has a token if the documents are incomplete. 

So after Place2, there is a transition to RDS_needed, which requires a token in RDS_needed. Wait, but how does the RDS_needed get a token?

Alternatively, after Place2, the transition to RDS_needed is always possible, but RDS_needed can have a token that allows looping back. Hmm, perhaps:

From Place2, there are two transitions:

- One to RDS (a self-loop?), but that might not be right. Alternatively, from Place2, there's a transition to a place called "RDS_required". If that place has a token, then we can go back through RDS to Place2 again. Wait, maybe:

After Place2, there's a transition to RDS_required. RDS_required has a token indicating that re-submission is needed. If that token is present, then the RDS transition can be taken, which moves the token from RDS_required back to Place2, thereby looping. Once the token is removed (i.e., the documents are complete), then the transition from RDS_required to Place2 is not available, and instead the process continues to FC.

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS transition itself consumes the RDS_required token and loops back. Let me think:

- Place2  RDS_required (with a token?), then from RDS_required, there's a transition back to Place2 via RDS transition. The RDS transition requires the RDS_required token to be present. So when you take the RDS transition, it removes the token from RDS_required and loops back to Place2, allowing the process to repeat until RDS_required has no tokens left.

Wait, that might work. So here's the setup:

After Place2 (DV done), the next step is to go to RDS_required. If RDS_required has a token, then the RDS transition can be taken, which consumes that token and loops back to Place2. Once RDS_required is empty, the process proceeds to FC.

But how do we get the token into RDS_required in the first place? Because initially, after DV, the RDS_required might not have a token. Wait, perhaps the RDS_required is initially empty, and the first time through, if documents are incomplete, then the process would need to go back. Hmm, maybe the initial state after DV doesn't have a token in RDS_required, so the first time, you can't take the RDS transition. That suggests that maybe the RDS_required is only set when documents are incomplete, but how is that determined?

Alternatively, maybe the RDS_required is a place that is only entered if the documents are incomplete. Wait, perhaps after DV, there's a transition that can either go to RDS_required or proceed to FC. But how do we model the condition?

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS loop is modeled by having a place that can hold multiple tokens, representing the number of times the RDS needs to be executed. Each time the RDS transition is taken, it moves a token from that place and loops back.

Hmm, maybe the following structure:

After Place2 (DV), there's a transition to a place called "RDS_queue", which has a token indicating that re-submission is needed. The RDS transition can be taken as long as there are tokens in RDS_queue. Each time RDS is taken, it removes a token from RDS_queue and loops back to Place2. Once RDS_queue is empty, the transition to FC is enabled.

Wait, that could work. Let me outline this:

From Place2:

- Transition to RDS_queue (place). If RDS_queue has a token, then the RDS transition can be taken, which would remove the token and go back to Place2. Otherwise, proceed to FC.

Wait, but transitions in Petri nets are based on the current marking. So if RDS_queue has a token, then the RDS transition is enabled. The RDS transition would have an arc from RDS_queue to Place2, and also consume the token from RDS_queue. Wait, transitions don't consume tokens unless they have an arc that takes a token from a place. Wait, no, transitions can have arcs that consume tokens. So for example, if the RDS transition has an incoming arc from RDS_queue, then taking that transition would consume the token in RDS_queue and move to Place2.

Wait, maybe:

The RDS transition has an arc from RDS_queue to Place2, and the RDS_queue place must have a token for this transition to be enabled. So when RDS_queue has a token, the RDS transition can be taken, moving the token from RDS_queue to Place2 (or consuming it?), and moving to Place2. Wait, perhaps the RDS transition's arc from RDS_queue to Place2 consumes the token in RDS_queue, so that after taking RDS, the RDS_queue is empty, and the process is back at Place2. Then, the next time, since RDS_queue has no tokens, the transition to FC becomes available.

So the steps after Place2 (DV) would be:

Place2  RDS_queue (with a transition that doesn't consume anything? Or maybe the RDS_queue is initially set with a token if needed. Hmm, this is getting a bit tangled.

Alternatively, let's think of the RDS loop as follows:

After DV (Place2), we have a transition that can loop back to the previous step (DV) via RDS if needed. The loop can be represented by a place that can hold tokens indicating the need to loop. Each time the RDS transition is taken, it removes a token from that place and loops back.

So here's the plan:

- After Place2 (DV), there's a transition to a place called RDS_loop. 

- The RDS_loop place has a token indicating that re-submission is needed. 

- The RDS transition has an arc from RDS_loop back to Place2. Taking this transition consumes the token in RDS_loop (so it's removed) and moves to Place2 again. 

- If RDS_loop is initially empty, then after the first time through, if the token was there, it's gone. Wait, but how do we get the token into RDS_loop in the first place?

Ah, perhaps the initial state after DV doesn't have a token in RDS_loop, but if the documents are incomplete, then RDS_loop is set to have a token. But how to model that condition?

Hmm, this suggests that the initial RDS_loop is empty, and the first time through, if the documents are incomplete, we need to have a way to put a token there. But since we can't conditionally add tokens based on some external factor (like a boolean), maybe the RDS loop is designed so that the user has to manually put a token there if needed. But in the Petri net, the initial marking should represent the actual process starting from the beginning. So perhaps the initial RDS_loop has a token only if the documents are incomplete initially. But how do we know that?

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS loop is optional and can be taken multiple times until the user stops. But in our case, the process should automatically loop until the documents are complete. So maybe the RDS_loop is initially set with a token when the process reaches that point, but how?

This is getting complicated. Maybe I should simplify the model by assuming that the RDS loop can be taken any number of times, and the initial state after DV has a token in RDS_loop. Wait, but that would mean that the process always goes through RDS once unless it's removed. Hmm, perhaps the initial RDS_loop is set to 1, so that the first time through, it loops back. But then, how to stop?

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS loop is designed so that after the first loop, the token is removed, and then the process proceeds. Wait, maybe the RDS loop is a self-loop with a token that is consumed each time, but that would require the transition to consume the token. 

Wait, here's an alternative approach inspired by how loops are handled in Petri nets for optional repetitions:

- The RDS loop is modeled with a place that holds a token. Each time the transition RDS is taken, it moves a token from that place to another place (like a "done" marker), effectively allowing the transition to be taken only once. But that might not work for multiple repetitions.

Alternatively, the RDS loop is a place that can hold multiple tokens. Each time the transition RDS is taken, it consumes one token from the RDS place and loops back. So the number of tokens in RDS indicates how many times the loop can occur. But in our case, the loop should continue until the documents are complete, so perhaps the initial RDS place is set to 1, and after each iteration, it's reduced by 1. But how do we know when to stop?

Alternatively, maybe the RDS loop is a place that is only present if the documents are incomplete, but that requires an external condition which we can't model in the Petri net itself. Since the Petri net must encode the process logic, perhaps the RDS loop is designed so that after each iteration, the token is removed, and once it's gone, the process proceeds.

Wait, here's a possible structure for RDS:

After Place2 (DV):

- There is a transition to a place called RDS_loop (with 0 or 1 token? Or maybe initially 1).

- The RDS transition has an arc from RDS_loop back to Place2.

- Additionally, there's a transition from RDS_loop to another place, say RDS_done, which has no tokens initially.

Wait, maybe not. Let me try to detail:

Suppose after Place2, the next step is:

Place2  RDS_loop (a transition that doesn't consume any tokens, just moves to the place). 

Then, from RDS_loop, there are two transitions:

1. RDS_transition: which goes back to Place2, and consumes a token from RDS_loop. 

2. Another transition (maybe to FC) that doesn't consume anything.

Wait, but how does the RDS_transition know when to stop? The token in RDS_loop is consumed each time RDS_transition is taken. So initially, if RDS_loop has a token, taking RDS_transition will consume it and loop back. If there are no tokens, then RDS_transition isn't available, and the process can proceed to FC.

Ah! That makes sense. So:

- After Place2, there is a transition to RDS_loop (which is a place that can have 0 or 1 tokens initially). 

Wait, but how do we set the initial number of tokens in RDS_loop? The initial marking should set this correctly. Let's think: when the process reaches Place2 (after DV), the user needs to determine if documents are incomplete. Since we can't have that in the model, perhaps the initial RDS_loop is set to 1, meaning that the first time through, it loops back. But then, after that, it's 0, so it proceeds. But that would only allow one loop, which may not be sufficient if multiple re-submissions are needed. Hmm.

Alternatively, perhaps RDS_loop is a place that starts with an infinite capacity (so it can hold any number of tokens), and each time RDS_transition is taken, it consumes one token. So initially, the user would put as many tokens as needed into RDS_loop for the required re-submissions. But in our case, the process should automatically loop until the documents are considered complete. Since we can't model that in the Petri net's initial state, maybe this approach isn't feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS loop is modeled such that after each RDS iteration, the process returns to the DV step, and the user (or the Petri net's initial marking) must ensure that after some iterations, the token is removed. But since the initial marking is fixed, perhaps the loop is designed so that the token in RDS_loop is initially present, and each time it's taken, it loops back, but eventually, the process can proceed without it. Wait, maybe the RDS_loop is just a single token that is consumed each time, so after one loop, it's gone and the process proceeds. That would only allow one re-submission, which may not be enough. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the RDS loop is a place that can hold multiple tokens, and each time RDS_transition is taken, it moves a token from RDS_loop to another place (like a "count" place), but that complicates things further.

This is getting a bit too stuck. Let me try to think of the entire process step by step with possible loops, and then model the Petri net accordingly, even if some parts are simplified.

Let me outline all the steps with possible loops:

1. Start at S (initial place with token).

2. CR transition: S  Place1 (after CR).

3. DV transition: Place1  Place2 (after DV).

4. Now, after DV, if documents are incomplete, go to RDS. RDS can loop back to DV (Place2) any number of times until it's resolved. So after Place2, there's a loop that can be taken multiple times, each time going back to Place2.

   To model this loop:

   - From Place2, there's a transition to RDS_loop (a place that can hold tokens indicating the need to loop).

   - The RDS_transition has an arc from RDS_loop back to Place2. Each time this transition is taken, it consumes a token from RDS_loop. 

   - The RDS_loop starts with a certain number of tokens (maybe 1 initially?), but how to set that? Since the initial marking is fixed, perhaps we need to assume that RDS_loop starts with 1 token, allowing exactly one re-submission. But that's not sufficient if multiple are needed. Alternatively, maybe the RDS_loop is a place that can hold multiple tokens, and the initial marking sets it to, say, 1, but in the Petri net code, we can set it to a higher value if needed. Wait, but the problem states that the initial marking should represent the starting state. So perhaps the RDS loop is designed such that the user can have multiple re-submissions by adding tokens to RDS_loop in the initial marking. But since the initial marking is part of what we have to define, maybe we can set RDS_loop to have, say, 2 tokens initially to allow two loops. But how do we know how many are needed? The problem says "can happen multiple times", so perhaps we need a way to have unlimited loops. But Petri nets can't have unbounded places unless they are part of a larger structure.

Hmm, perhaps instead of using a place to count the number of loops, we can model the loop as a transition that can be taken any number of times by having a self-loop with a token that's consumed each time. But since the initial token can only be set once, this would only allow one iteration. 

Alternatively, maybe the loop is a transition that can be taken multiple times because the place it comes from has multiple tokens. Wait, perhaps the RDS loop is a transition that can be taken as long as there's a token in a place that allows it. For example:

After Place2, there's a transition to a place called "RDS_needed". RDS_needed has a token indicating that re-submission is needed. The RDS transition has an arc from RDS_needed back to Place2, and consuming the token. So each time RDS is taken, it removes a token from RDS_needed and loops back. If RDS_needed starts with, say, 3 tokens, then the loop can happen 3 times. But since the initial marking must be fixed, perhaps we can set RDS_needed to have, say, 1 token initially, allowing one loop. But the problem states that the re-submission can happen multiple times. 

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS_needed place is initially empty, and the first time through, the process doesn't loop, but that contradicts the requirement. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the RDS loop is not modeled via a place but via a transition that can be taken any number of times because it's part of a larger structure. Wait, transitions themselves can have arcs that form loops, but transitions can only be taken once per token in the places. So a self-loop transition on a place would allow that transition to be taken as long as the place has tokens. For example:

Place2 has a self-loop transition via RDS, which requires a token in Place2 itself. Wait, but that's not the right place. Alternatively, Place2 has a transition to itself via RDS, but that would mean after DV, you can loop back indefinitely without any condition. That might not be right.

Alternatively, here's a different approach inspired by the example given in the problem statement. In the example, they added a place and then removed it later, but in our case, we need to model the process correctly.

Let me try to think of the entire process with all steps and possible loops, and then build the Petri net accordingly.

The main sequence after the initial steps is:

After DV:

   [RDS loop: if documents incomplete, go to RDS, which loops back to DV]

   Then, after RDS (or if no loop), proceed to FC.

After FC:

   [II loop: if fraud is suspected, go to II, which loops back to FC]

   Then, after II (or if no loop), proceed to CA.

Then the rest is straightforward: CA  AP  P  N  CL (final).

So for the RDS loop:

After DV (Place2), we have a transition to RDS. RDS is a transition that loops back to Place2. But how to model the condition that this loop is only taken when needed?

Alternatively, the RDS transition can be taken any number of times because it's a self-loop, but that would allow indefinite looping unless there's a condition to exit. To exit the loop, there must be another transition from Place2 that leads to FC. So the structure is:

Place2 has two outgoing transitions:

1. To RDS (a self-loop), which when taken, stays in Place2.

2. To FC (the next step).

But how is the choice between these transitions determined? In Petri nets, transitions are enabled based on the current marking. So if there's a place that has a token indicating that re-submission is needed, then the RDS transition is enabled, else FC is enabled.

Ah! So we need a place that has a token to indicate whether re-submission is needed. Let's call this place "RDS_flag". 

The setup would be:

After Place2 (DV), we have a transition to RDS_flag. 

- If RDS_flag has a token, then the RDS transition can be taken (from Place2 to itself via RDS), which would consume the token in RDS_flag, and then the next step would be to go back to RDS_flag again? Wait, no. Alternatively:

Wait, perhaps:

From Place2:

- There's a transition to RDS_flag (which is a place that can hold 0 or 1 tokens). 

- RDS_flag has an incoming arc from Place2 (so when you reach Place2, you can put a token in RDS_flag). 

- Then, from RDS_flag, there are two transitions:

   a. RDS_transition: which goes back to Place2, consuming the token in RDS_flag.

   b. Another transition to FC, which doesn't consume anything.

Wait, but how does the token in RDS_flag get there in the first place?

Hmm, maybe the RDS_flag is initially empty. When you arrive at Place2, you can choose to set the RDS_flag to 1 by taking a transition from Place2 to RDS_flag. But that would require another transition. This is getting too convoluted.

Alternatively, the RDS_flag is always present with a token when re-submission is needed, but how to model that?

Alternatively, the RDS loop is designed so that whenever you are in Place2 (after DV), you can choose to go through RDS (looping back) any number of times by having a self-loop transition on Place2, but that would allow indefinite looping unless there's a way to exit. To exit, there must be another transition from Place2 to FC. But how to choose between the two?

Ah! Maybe the RDS loop is only available if a certain condition is met (like a token in a specific place), but in the absence of such a condition, the process proceeds to FC. 

Perhaps the correct approach is to have:

After Place2 (DV), there is a transition to a place called "RDS_needed" which has a token if re-submission is needed. 

- The RDS_needed place has a token initially (or is set to 1 in the initial marking) to indicate that re-submission is needed. 

- From RDS_needed, there is a transition to Place2 (the DV place), which consumes the token in RDS_needed. 

- Additionally, from RDS_needed, there is a transition to FC (the next step) which doesn't consume anything. 

Wait, but then if RDS_needed has a token, taking the transition to Place2 loops back, but also, taking the transition to FC would proceed. That's conflicting. 

Alternatively, the RDS_needed place has a token, and from there, the only outgoing transition is to Place2 (the RDS transition), which consumes the token. So once you take that transition, you loop back to Place2, and the token is gone, so next time you can't loop again. This would only allow one re-submission. 

Hmm, that's not sufficient for multiple possible re-submissions. 

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS_needed place can hold multiple tokens, each representing a need to re-submit. So each time you take the RDS transition (to Place2), it consumes one token from RDS_needed and loops back. So if RDS_needed starts with, say, 2 tokens, you can loop twice. Since the initial marking can set this to any number, maybe we can set it to 1 initially, allowing at least one loop, and the user can adjust if needed. But the problem states that the re-submission can happen multiple times, so perhaps the initial marking should have RDS_needed with, say, 1 token, and the Petri net code allows for multiple loops by having the user add tokens. But since the initial marking is part of what we're defining, maybe we need to set it to a default value, like 1, acknowledging that multiple loops are possible but the initial state has at least one. 

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS_needed place is initially empty, and the first time through, the user must manually add a token to trigger the loop. But that's not part of the Petri net's initial marking. 

This is tricky. Maybe I should proceed with an initial design that allows at least one possible loop, and assume that the initial marking for RDS_needed is 1. Then, in code, we can set that.

Let me try to proceed step by step with this assumption.

So here's the plan for the RDS loop:

After Place2 (DV):

- There is a transition to RDS_needed (a place that can hold 0 or 1 tokens initially). 

- The RDS_needed place has an incoming transition from Place2, so when you arrive at Place2, you can choose to put a token there (but how? Or perhaps the transition to RDS_needed is always taken, and then the RDS_needed's token is consumed upon taking the loop transition).

Wait, perhaps the structure is:

Place2  RDS_needed (a transition that doesn't consume any tokens, just moves to the place).

From RDS_needed, there are two transitions:

1. RDS_transition: which goes back to Place2 and consumes the token in RDS_needed.

2. Another transition to FC (the next step), which doesn't consume anything.

But in this case, if RDS_needed has a token, both transitions are enabled. So the choice between looping or proceeding isn't modeled. That's a problem because we need to have the loop only when needed (i.e., when documents are incomplete). 

Hmm, perhaps the RDS_needed place is only set to have a token if the documents are incomplete, which we can't model, so we have to assume that the initial RDS_needed has a token, and thus the first time through, the process will loop back. But that might not be accurate, but perhaps for the sake of the problem, we can proceed with that.

Alternatively, maybe the RDS_needed place is always present with a token, and the loop is mandatory until it's removed. But how?

Alternatively, forget the condition and model it as a mandatory loop that can be taken any number of times via a self-loop transition on Place2, but with the ability to exit via another transition.

Wait, here's a different approach. Let's forget the condition and just have a loop that can be taken any number of times because the Petri net allows it. The user of the Petri net (the initial marking) will have to set the initial tokens appropriately. 

So after Place2 (DV), there's a transition that loops back to Place2 (RDS transition), and also a transition to FC. The choice between them is determined by the current marking. For example, if Place2 has a token, the RDS transition is enabled, else FC is enabled. But how to have that?

Wait, maybe Place2 itself has a token that indicates whether to loop. For example:

- Place2 has a token initially. 

- The RDS transition is enabled when Place2 has a token, and consuming it moves to Place2 again (a self-loop). 

- The FC transition is enabled when Place2 has no token. 

Wait, but how to model that in the transitions:

The RDS transition could have an arc from Place2 to itself, and the FC transition from Place2 to FC_place.

But then, if Place2 has a token, taking the RDS transition would consume it and loop, but then the next time, there's no token so FC is taken. 

This could work. Let me think:

Place2 has an initial token (so im[Place2] = 1).

Transitions from Place2:

- RDS_transition: which has an arc from Place2 to Place2 (self-loop). Taking this transition consumes the token in Place2 (since it's the source place), so after taking it, the token is removed, and you're back at Place2 with no token. Then, the next transition must be FC.

- FC_transition: which has an arc from Place2 to FC_place (the next step). This transition doesn't consume any tokens.

Wait, but the RDS_transition's arc from Place2 to Place2 would consume the token in Place2 when taken. So the first time through, if you take RDS, the token is gone, and then you can't loop again. So that only allows one loop. Not sufficient for multiple re-submissions. 

Alternatively, maybe the RDS_transition doesn't consume the token in Place2, but instead has a separate place that tracks the need to loop. 

This is really challenging. Perhaps for the purposes of this problem, the loops can be modeled with self-loops that can be taken multiple times by having the place that the transition comes from have multiple tokens. For example:

- Place2 has a token that can be used to enable the RDS transition multiple times. 

Wait, perhaps the RDS transition is enabled as long as there's a token in Place2. Each time you take the RDS transition, it doesn't consume the token but instead moves it somewhere else? Not sure.

Alternatively, the RDS loop is modeled with a place that can hold multiple tokens, allowing the transition to be taken multiple times. For example:

After Place2:

- There's a transition to a place called RDS_loop, which starts with, say, 1 token.

- From RDS_loop, there's a transition back to Place2 (RDS_transition) that consumes the token in RDS_loop.

- Additionally, from RDS_loop, there's a transition to FC (FC_transition) that doesn't consume anything.

So if RDS_loop has a token, you can choose between looping back or proceeding. But how to decide which to take? The problem requires that the loop is taken only when needed (i.e., documents are incomplete), but without external input, the Petri net must encode that logic.

Hmm, perhaps the RDS_loop place is initially set to 1 token, so the first time through, you have to take the RDS_transition to loop back, but after that token is gone, you proceed. This would only allow one loop, which may not be enough. Alternatively, set RDS_loop to have an initial marking of, say, 2 tokens to allow two loops, but the problem states "multiple times", so perhaps it's acceptable to have at least one possible loop.

Given the time I've spent and the need to proceed, I'll make an assumption that the RDS loop is modeled with a self-loop transition on Place2 that can be taken multiple times by having the initial marking set a token in a place that allows this. Alternatively, just use a self-loop transition on Place2 that can be taken any number of times until another transition is taken.

Wait, here's a different idea. The RDS loop can be represented by a transition that has a self-loop on Place2, and also another transition to FC. The choice between them is determined by the current state. For example:

- Place2 has a transition to itself (RDS_transition) and to FC_transition.

- The RDS_transition is enabled if there's a token in a certain place (like a "needs_recheck" place), and the FC_transition is enabled otherwise.

But to model this without external input, perhaps the "needs_recheck" place is initially set to 1, so the first time through, RDS is taken, which consumes the token and then the next time, FC is available.

Let's try this structure:

After Place2 (DV):

- There is a transition to a place called RDS_needed (initially has 1 token).

- From RDS_needed, there are two transitions:

   a. RDS_transition: which goes back to Place2 and consumes the token in RDS_needed.

   b. FC_transition: which goes to FC_place and doesn't consume anything.

So initially, RDS_needed has 1 token. Taking RDS_transition loops back to Place2 and removes the token. Next time, since RDS_needed is empty, FC_transition is enabled.

This allows exactly one re-submission. If the process needs more, the initial marking would need to set RDS_needed to a higher value, but since the problem states "can happen multiple times", perhaps this is acceptable for the purposes of the exercise, or maybe the initial marking should set RDS_needed to 1, and the Petri net allows the user to add tokens via the initial marking. But the problem says to define the initial marking as part of the code.

Alternatively, maybe the RDS_needed place is not used, and instead the RDS loop is a self-loop on Place2 that can be taken any number of times until the user chooses to proceed. But in Petri nets, you can't have choices without conditions based on tokens.

Given time constraints, I'll proceed with this approach for RDS and similarly for the II loop, and see if it can be coded.

Now, moving on to the II loop after FC:

After FC (Fraud Check), if there's a need for an In-depth Investigation (II), then we loop back to FC. 

Similar to the RDS loop:

After FC (let's call the place after FC as Place3):

- There's a transition to II_needed (a place with an initial token).

- From II_needed, there's a transition back to Place3 (FC) which consumes the token, and another transition to CA_place (the next step).

So II_needed starts with 1 token, allowing one loop. 

Now, the main steps after that:

Place3 (after FC)  II_needed (with a token), then after II_needed is empty, proceed to CA.

Now, putting this all together:

Let's outline all the places and transitions:

1. Start Place (S) with initial token.

Transitions from S:

- CR (to Place1).

2. Place1 (after CR):

   Transitions:

   - DV (to Place2).

3. Place2 (after DV):

   Transitions:

   - To RDS_needed (a place).

   - Also, from RDS_needed, transitions:

      a. RDS_transition: back to Place2, consuming RDS_needed's token.

      b. FC_transition: to Place3 (FC place).

4. Place3 (after FC):

   Transitions:

   - To II_needed (a place with initial token).

   - From II_needed:

      a. II_transition: back to Place3, consuming II_needed's token.

      b. CA_transition: to Place4 (CA place).

5. Place4 (after CA):

   Transitions:

   - To AP (approver place).

   - (No loops here, assuming AP is next).

6. AP  P (payment place).

7. P  N (notification place).

8. N  CL (final place).

Wait, but need to define all the places properly.

Let me list all the places and their names:

- Start Place: "Start"

- After CR: Place1 (maybe "After_C Registration")

- After DV: Place2 ("After_Document_Verification")

- RDS_needed: "RDS_Needed"

- FC_place: "After_Fraud_Check"

- II_needed: "II_Needed"

- After_CA: Place4 ("After_Compensation_Assessment")

- AP_place: "After_Approval"

- P_place: "Paid"

- N_place: "Notification"

- CL_place: "Closed"

Transitions:

1. CR: from Start to Place1.

2. DV: from Place1 to Place2.

3. RDS_transition: from RDS_Needed back to Place2.

4. FC_transition: from RDS_Needed to FC_place.

5. II_transition: from II_Needed back to FC_place.

6. CA_transition: from II_Needed to Place4.

7. AP: from Place4 to AP_place.

8. P: from AP_place to P_place.

9. N: from P_place to N_place.

10. CL: from N_place to CL_place.

Wait, but need to ensure the transitions from RDS_Needed and II_Needed are correctly connected.

Let me detail all transitions step by step:

Starting with the Start Place (S):

- Transition CR leads to Place1.

Place1:

- Transition DV leads to Place2.

Place2:

- Transition to RDS_Needed (this is a transition from Place2 to RDS_Needed).

- Additionally, from RDS_Needed, there are two transitions:

   a. RDS_transition: from RDS_Needed to Place2. This transition consumes the token in RDS_Needed (since it's the source place? Or does it consume it via an arc? Hmm, in Petri nets, transitions can consume tokens from the places they are coming from or other places via arcs. The standard is that the transition's arcs specify which places are affected. 

Wait, perhaps the RDS_transition is a transition from RDS_Needed to Place2, and it consumes the token in RDS_Needed. So the arc from RDS_Needed to Place2 would consume the token in RDS_Needed when taken. 

Similarly, the FC_transition is from RDS_Needed to FC_place, which doesn't consume anything (or maybe it does? Probably not, since it's just moving forward).

Wait, the transition's outgoing arcs define which places it affects. The standard is that a transition can have incoming and outgoing arcs. The tokens in the source places are consumed if there's an arc from that place to the transition, but I might be mixing up the direction.

Actually, in Petri nets:

- A transition has arcs coming into it (from places) and arcs going out (to places).

- Tokens are in places. When a transition is fired, it consumes tokens from the input places (those with arcs into the transition) and produces tokens in the output places (those with arcs from the transition).

Wait, no, that's not quite right. Actually, the transition's input places are the ones that have arcs into the transition, and the transition consumes tokens from those places. The output places are the ones that have arcs from the transition, and the transition produces tokens there. 

Wait, maybe it's better to think that when you fire a transition, it consumes the tokens in the input places (those places from which arcs go to the transition), and adds tokens to the output places (those places that have arcs coming from the transition). 

Wait, no, that's the opposite. Let me recall:

In a Petri net:

- A transition is enabled if all its input places have at least one token.

- When the transition is fired, it removes one token from each input place, and adds one token to each output place.

Wait, no, actually, the transition doesn't necessarily consume one token per input place. The exact behavior depends on the arc directions. 

Wait, perhaps it's better to think that a transition has input arcs (arcs coming into it from places) and output arcs (arcs going out from it to places). When the transition is fired, it removes a token from each of its input places (the ones with arcs into it) and adds a token to each of its output places (the ones with arcs out from it). 

Wait, no, that's not correct either. Actually, the standard model is that each transition has a set of input places (places with arcs leading into the transition) and output places (places with arcs leading from the transition). When the transition is fired, it consumes one token from each input place and produces one token in each output place. 

Wait, but that might not be the case. Actually, the standard is that the transition consumes tokens from its input places (places that have arcs into the transition) and produces tokens in its output places (places that have arcs out from the transition). But the exact number depends on the structure. 

Hmm, this is getting too detailed. For simplicity, perhaps the transitions are designed so that the RDS_transition from RDS_Needed to Place2 consumes the token in RDS_Needed. So the transition has an input arc from RDS_Needed to itself? Or maybe the RDS_Needed is the only input place for the RDS_transition, and the output is Place2. So when fired, it consumes the token from RDS_Needed and produces a token in Place2.

Wait, but Place2 already has a token (from the previous step). Maybe that's okay.

Let me try to define all transitions with their input and output places:

1. CR transition:

   - Input: Start Place.

   - Output: Place1.

   So when fired, consumes a token from Start and produces a token in Place1.

2. DV transition:

   - Input: Place1.

   - Output: Place2.

   So consumes Place1's token and produces Place2's token.

3. RDS_Needed transition (from Place2 to RDS_Needed):

   - Input: Place2.

   - Output: RDS_Needed.

   So this transition is fired when Place2 has a token. It moves a token from Place2 to RDS_Needed.

Wait, but then where is the loop back? Maybe the RDS_transition is another transition.

4. RDS_transition:

   - Input: RDS_Needed.

   - Output: Place2.

   So when fired, it consumes the token in RDS_Needed and produces a token in Place2.

5. FC_transition:

   - Input: RDS_Needed.

   - Output: FC_place.

   So when fired, it consumes RDS_Needed's token and moves to FC_place.

Wait, but that would mean that taking FC_transition consumes the RDS_Needed token, so you can't have both transitions available at the same time. 

Hmm, this is getting too confusing. Maybe a better way is to have RDS_Needed as a place that can have tokens, and the transitions from RDS_Needed are either looping back or proceeding.

Alternatively, the RDS loop is modeled as follows:

After Place2, there's a transition to RDS_Needed (which is a place that can hold tokens). From RDS_Needed, there are two transitions:

a. RDS_loop: which goes back to Place2, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

b. RDS_exit: which goes to FC_place, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

So whichever transition is taken, the token in RDS_Needed is consumed. So the choice is between looping back or exiting. But how is the choice made? Since Petri nets can't make choices based on arbitrary conditions, this setup doesn't allow for that. The transitions are enabled based on the current markings.

Wait, perhaps the RDS_Needed place has a token, and both transitions are enabled. The user of the Petri net must ensure that the initial marking has only one token in RDS_Needed, so that only one of the transitions can be taken. But that's not reliable.

Alternatively, the RDS_Needed place is initially empty, and the first time through, the process must have a way to add a token there. But that requires an external input.

Given the time I've spent and the need to proceed, I'll proceed with a simplified model where the loops are represented by self-loops on the places, allowing the process to loop back multiple times by having the initial marking set with enough tokens in the loop's controlling place.

Alternatively, for the sake of time, I'll proceed with the following structure, even if it's not perfect, but covers the main steps and loops with self-loops:

The places and transitions:

- Start Place (S) with initial token.

Transitions:

1. CR: S  Place1.

2. DV: Place1  Place2.

3. RDS_loop: Place2  Place2 (self-loop). This allows looping back indefinitely until another transition is taken.

4. FC: Place2  Place3 (FC place).

5. II_loop: Place3  Place3 (self-loop).

6. CA: Place3  Place4 (after CA).

7. AP: Place4  Place5 (AP place).

8. P: Place5  Place6 (P place).

9. N: Place6  Place7 (N place).

10. CL: Place7  CL_place (final place).

Wait, but this model doesn't account for the condition to loop. The RDS_loop and II_loop are just self-loops that can be taken any number of times, but there's no mechanism to exit them. The user would have to manually stop, which isn't ideal. However, in the Petri net's initial marking, perhaps the self-loops are not taken because the next transition is enabled when the loop isn't taken.

Alternatively, the self-loops are only enabled when certain conditions are met. For example, the RDS_loop transition is only enabled if a token is present in a place indicating that re-submission is needed. But without that place, it's not modeled.

Alternatively, the self-loops are not used, and the loops are modeled via other transitions with conditional enabling.

Given the time constraints, perhaps I should proceed with the following code structure, even if the loops aren't perfectly modeled but the main steps are there with possible self-loops:

Let me try to define the places and transitions step by step with code:

First, create the Petri net:

net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

Now, define all the places:

start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")

Transitions:

cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds = net.transition("RDS", source=place2, target=place2)  # self-loop for RDS
fc = net.transition("FC", source=place2, target=place3)
ii = net.transition("II", source=place3, target=place3)  # self-loop for II
ca = net.transition("CA", source=place3, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

Now, the initial marking im should have a token in the Start place.

im = Marking()
im[start] = 1

The final marking fm should have a token in the final place.

fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1

But this model has self-loops (RDS and II transitions) that can be taken any number of times, but there's no way to exit them unless another transition is taken. For example, after DV (place2), the RDS transition can be taken any number of times, but to proceed to FC, you have to stop taking RDS and take the FC transition. However, in Petri net terms, if the RDS transition is a self-loop, then as long as there's a token in place2, the RDS transition can be taken repeatedly. To proceed to FC, you have to have a transition from place2 to place3, but that's already there (the fc transition). So the fc transition is enabled when place2 has a token and the RDS transition is not taken? Or are both enabled?

In this model, from place2, both RDS and FC transitions are enabled (assuming place2 has a token). So the process could choose to loop indefinitely or proceed to FC. This isn't deterministic unless controlled by some other place's tokens.

To make it so that the RDS loop is only taken if needed (e.g., documents are incomplete), we need a place that can control this. Let's introduce a place to indicate that re-submission is needed.

Let me adjust the model to include this:

Add a place called "RDS_Needed" and "II_Needed".

So:

rds_needed = net.place("RDS_Needed")
ii_needed = net.place("II_Needed")

Adjust transitions:

After place2 (DV), the transition to RDS_Needed is added:

rds_transition = net.transition("RDS", source=place2, target=rds_needed)
fc_transition = net.transition("FC", source=rds_needed, target=place3)

Wait, no. Let me think again.

Perhaps:

From place2:

- There's a transition to RDS_Needed (place), which doesn't consume any tokens.

- From RDS_Needed, there are two transitions:

   a. RDS_loop: back to place2, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

   b. FC_transition: to place3, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

So the RDS_Needed place holds the token that determines whether to loop or proceed.

Let me define:

rds_needed = net.place("RDS_Needed")
rds_loop = net.transition("RDS_Loop", source=rds_needed, target=place2)
fc_from_rds = net.transition("FC", source=rds_needed, target=place3)

Similarly for the II loop:

ii_needed = net.place("II_Needed")
ii_loop = net.transition("II_Loop", source=ii_needed, target=place3)
ca_from_ii = net.transition("CA", source=ii_needed, target=place4)

Wait, but the CA transition already exists. Maybe need to adjust.

Let me rework the transitions with these new places:

Transitions from place2 (after DV):

- rds_to_rds_needed: place2  rds_needed.

- dv_to_fc: place2  place3 (directly? No, because we need to go through RDS_Needed first.

Wait, perhaps:

After place2:

- The transition to RDS_Needed (rds_to_rds_needed) moves a token from place2 to rds_needed (but this requires place2 to have a token).

Wait, perhaps the transition from place2 to rds_needed doesn't consume a token, so it's just moving a token from place2 to rds_needed? Or maybe not. This is getting too complex.

Alternatively, the RDS_Needed place is initialized with a token, so that when the process reaches place2, it can decide to loop by taking the RDS_Loop transition (which consumes the token in RDS_Needed and loops back), or proceed by taking the FC transition which also consumes the RDS_Needed token.

So the initial marking for RDS_Needed should have 1 token.

Let me redefine the transitions:

From place2:

- RDS_to_RDS_Needed: a transition from place2 to rds_needed. This transition doesn't consume any tokens; it just moves a token from place2 to rds_needed? Not sure.

Alternatively, the RDS_Needed is a place that starts with a token, and the process can choose to loop or proceed by taking different transitions from RDS_Needed.

Let me try this:

Place2 has an outgoing transition to RDS_Needed (which is a place with an initial token).

From RDS_Needed, there are two transitions:

a. RDS_Loop: back to Place2, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

b. FC: to Place3, consuming the token in RDS_Needed.

Thus, the initial marking of RDS_Needed is 1 token. 

So the transitions are:

rds_to_rds_needed = net.transition("RDS_to_RDS_Needed", source=place2, target=rds_needed)
rds_loop = net.transition("RDS_Loop", source=rds_needed, target=place2)
fc_from_rds = net.transition("FC", source=rds_needed, target=place3)

Similarly for the II loop:

From Place3 (after FC):

- There's a transition to II_Needed.

- From II_Needed, transitions to II_Loop (back to Place3) or CA.

ii_to_ii_needed = net.transition("II_to_II_Needed", source=place3, target=ii_needed)
ii_loop = net.transition("II_Loop", source=ii_needed, target=place3)
ca_from_ii = net.transition("CA", source=ii_needed, target=place4)

Now, the initial marking im should set:

im[place2] = 1 (since after DV, we are in place2)

im[rds_needed] = 1 (to allow one loop)

im[ii_needed] = 1 (to allow one loop for II)

Wait, but place2 is reached after DV, so initially, when starting, the initial marking should have the Start place with 1 token, and others empty except those needed for the loops.

So:

im = Marking()
im[start] = 1  # Start place has the initial token.

The other places like place1, place2, etc., are empty initially except for the loop control places:

im[rds_needed] = 1  # to allow one RDS loop
im[ii_needed] = 1  # to allow one II loop

Wait, but place2 might not have a token yet. Hmm, perhaps the initial marking for place2 is 0, and the first transition from place1 to place2 will set it to 1 when fired.

Wait, the initial marking is the starting state. The process starts at the Start place with a token. The first transition CR will fire, moving the token to place1. Then DV will fire, moving to place2, so place2 will have a token after that.

Thus, the initial marking doesn't need to set place2 to 1; it will be set automatically as part of the process.

But the RDS_Needed place's initial token is needed to trigger the loop.

So the im should have:

im[start] = 1

im[rds_needed] = 1

im[ii_needed] = 1

All other places start with 0.

The final marking fm should have the final place set to 1.

fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1

Now, let's write this code step by step.

First, create all the places:

net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

# Create places
start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")
rds_needed = net.place("RDS_Needed")
ii_needed = net.place("II_Needed")

# Create transitions
cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds_to_rds_needed = net.transition("RDS_to_RDS_Needed", source=place2, target=rds_needed)
rds_loop = net.transition("RDS_Loop", source=rds_needed, target=place2)
fc = net.transition("FC", source=rds_needed, target=place3)
ii_to_ii_needed = net.transition("II_to_II_Needed", source=place3, target=ii_needed)
ii_loop = net.transition("II_Loop", source=ii_needed, target=place3)
ca = net.transition("CA", source=ii_needed, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

Now, define the initial marking im:

im = Marking()
im[start] = 1
im[rds_needed] = 1
im[ii_needed] = 1

# All other places are 0 by default.

The final marking fm:

fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1

Wait, but in this setup, after reaching place2, the first thing that happens is the transition to RDS_Needed, which moves a token from place2 to rds_needed. But initially, place2 has 0 tokens, so that transition won't fire until place2 has a token. 

Wait, the initial marking has start with 1 token. The first transition CR is fired, moving the token to place1. Then, the DV transition is fired, moving to place2 (now place2 has 1 token). Then, the transition from place2 to rds_needed can fire, moving the token from place2 to rds_needed. But this would leave place2 with 0 tokens, and rds_needed with 1. Then, from rds_needed, the RDS_Loop transition can fire, consuming the rds_needed token and looping back to place2. That would put a token back in place2, and then the process can loop again.

Hmm, but this might not be the desired behavior. Let me trace the steps:

Initial marking:

start:1, others 0.

After CR fires:

place1:1, start:0.

DV fires (from place1 to place2):

place2:1.

Then, the transition from place2 to rds_needed fires (since place2 has 1 token), moving that token to rds_needed. Now:

place2:0, rds_needed:1.

Then, from rds_needed, the RDS_Loop transition can fire (since rds_needed has 1 token), moving back to place2. This consumes the rds_needed token, so after firing:

place2:1 (token returned), rds_needed:0.

Now, place2 has a token again. The next possible transitions from place2 are:

- RDS_to_RDS_Needed: but since place2 has a token, this can fire again, moving to rds_needed (now 0), but that would require another token.

Wait, after the RDS_Loop transition fires and returns to place2 with 1 token, the next possible transitions from place2 are:

- RDS_to_RDS_Needed (to move to rds_needed which is now 0, so can't fire).

- FC transition (from rds_needed, but rds_needed is 0 now.

Thus, the FC transition from rds_needed can't fire because rds_needed is empty. So after the first loop, the process can't proceed to FC unless another token is placed in rds_needed.

This indicates that the initial setup with im[rds_needed] =1 allows only one loop. To allow multiple loops, the rds_needed should have more tokens initially. But since the initial marking is fixed, perhaps the user can set it to a higher value, but the problem states to define the initial marking as part of the code.

Alternatively, the RDS_Needed place is not used, and the loop is modeled via a self-loop on place2 that can be taken multiple times until another transition is taken.

Given time constraints and the complexity, I'll proceed with the initial code I outlined, even if the loops are limited, but document the assumptions.

So the final code would look like this:

Here's the code:

from pm4py.objects.petri_net.obj import PetriNet, Marking
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.utils import petri_utils
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.obj import Place, Transition

# Create the Petri Net
net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

# Define all places
start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")
rds_needed = net.place("RDS_Needed")
ii_needed = net.place("II_Needed")

# Define transitions
cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds_to_rds_needed = net.transition("RDS_to_RDS_Needed", source=place2, target=rds_needed)
rds_loop = net.transition("RDS_Loop", source=rds_needed, target=place2)
fc = net.transition("FC", source=rds_needed, target=place3)
ii_to_ii_needed = net.transition("II_to_II_Needed", source=place3, target=ii_needed)
ii_loop = net.transition("II_Loop", source=ii_needed, target=place3)
ca = net.transition("CA", source=ii_needed, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

# Define initial marking
im = Marking()
im[start] = 1
im[rds_needed] = 1  # Allow one RDS loop
im[ii_needed] = 1   # Allow one II loop

# Define final marking
fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1

# Verify and print the net if needed
# petri_utils.write_net_to_file(net, "insurance_petri.net")

print("Petri Net constructed successfully.")
print("Initial Marking:", im)
print("Final Marking:", fm)

Wait, but in this code, the transitions from rds_needed to place2 (RDS_Loop) and to place3 (FC) are enabled only when rds_needed has tokens. So with im[rds_needed] =1, the first loop can occur once. To allow multiple loops, the initial marking for rds_needed should be higher, but since the problem states that the re-submission can happen multiple times, maybe we should set it to a higher value, like 2 or more. But without knowing the exact requirement, perhaps the initial code with 1 is acceptable for the example.

Similarly for the II loop, with im[ii_needed] =1 allows one loop.

This code might not perfectly model the scenario's requirement for multiple possible loops, but it's a starting point. The user could adjust the initial marking values for rds_needed and ii_needed to allow more loops.

Alternatively, perhaps the RDS_Needed and II_Needed places are not needed, and the loops are self-loops on place2 and place3 that can be taken any number of times until another transition is taken. For example:

Removing the RDS_Needed and II_Needed places and using self-loops:

net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

# Places
start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")

# Transitions
cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds = net.transition("RDS", source=place2, target=place2)  # Self-loop for RDS
fc = net.transition("FC", source=place2, target=place3)
ii = net.transition("II", source=place3, target=place3)  # Self-loop for II
ca = net.transition("CA", source=place3, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

# Initial marking
im = Marking()
im[start] = 1

# Final marking
fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1

This model uses self-loops on place2 and place3. The RDS loop can be taken any number of times by repeatedly firing the RDS transition while place2 has a token. To exit the loop and proceed to FC, the user must not take the RDS transition and instead take the FC transition when possible. However, since both transitions are enabled when place2 has a token, the process could loop indefinitely unless another transition is taken. This isn't ideal, but it's simpler.

In this case, the initial marking only needs to have the start place with a token. The RDS and II loops are self-loops that can be exited by choosing to take the other transition when desired.

This might be the simplest way to model the loops without needing additional places for control flags, even though it doesn't enforce the condition that the loop is only taken when needed.

Given the problem's instruction to provide code, I'll proceed with this simpler model, acknowledging that the loops are self-loops that can be exited by choosing the other transition.

So the final code would be as follows:

```python
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.obj import PetriNet, Marking
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.utils import petri_utils

# Create the Petri Net
net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

# Define all places
start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")

# Define transitions
cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds = net.transition("RDS", source=place2, target=place2)  # Self-loop for RDS
fc = net.transition("FC", source=place2, target=place3)
ii = net.transition("II", source=place3, target=place3)  # Self-loop for II
ca = net.transition("CA", source=place3, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

# Define initial marking
im = Marking()
im[start] = 1  # Start place has the initial token

# Define final marking
fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1  # Final place has the token

# Print the markings for verification (optional)
print("Initial Marking:", im)
print("Final Marking:", fm)

# You can save the net to a file if needed
# petri_utils.write_net_to_file(net, "insurance_petri.net")
```

This code uses self-loops on place2 (RDS) and place3 (II) to allow multiple iterations of those steps. The initial marking only requires the start place to have a token. The user of the Petri net must ensure that the transitions are taken in the correct order to complete the process. While this doesn't enforce the condition that the loops are only taken when necessary (like documents being incomplete), it meets the requirement of having possible loops modeled via self-transitions.

I think this is the best approach given the time constraints and the problem's requirements. The key is to have the self-loops allowing multiple passes through the respective steps.

</think>


```python
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.obj import PetriNet, Marking
from pm4py.objects.petri_net.utils import petri_utils

# Create the Petri Net
net = PetriNet(name="InsuranceProcess")

# Define all places
start = net.place("Start")
place1 = net.place("After_C Registration")
place2 = net.place("After_Document_Verification")
place3 = net.place("After_Fraud_Check")
place4 = net.place("After_Compensation_Assessment")
place5 = net.place("After_Approval")
place6 = net.place("Paid")
place7 = net.place("Notification")
final = net.place("Closed")

# Define transitions
cr = net.transition("CR", source=start, target=place1)
dv = net.transition("DV", source=place1, target=place2)
rds = net.transition("RDS", source=place2, target=place2)  # Self-loop for RDS
fc = net.transition("FC", source=place2, target=place3)
ii = net.transition("II", source=place3, target=place3)  # Self-loop for II
ca = net.transition("CA", source=place3, target=place4)
ap = net.transition("AP", source=place4, target=place5)
p = net.transition("P", source=place5, target=place6)
n = net.transition("N", source=place6, target=place7)
cl = net.transition("CL", source=place7, target=final)

# Define initial marking
im = Marking()
im[start] = 1  # Initial token in the start place

# Define final marking
fm = Marking()
fm[final] = 1  # Token in the final place

# Print the initial and final markings for verification
print("Initial Marking:", im)
print("Final Marking:", fm)

# Save the Petri net to a file (optional)
# petri_utils.write_net_to_file(net, "insurance_petri.net")
```

### Explanation:
- **Places**: Represent states in the process. For example, `start` is the initial state, and `final` is the end state.
- **Transitions**: Labelled with activity names (e.g., "CR" for Claim Registration). 
  - **RDS and II**: Self-loops on `place2` (after Document Verification) and `place3` (after Fraud Check), respectively, allowing repeated execution of these steps.
  - **Other Transitions**: Form the main sequence of the process (e.g., "CA" leads to "AP").
- **Initial Marking (`im`)**: Starts with a token in the `start` place.
- **Final Marking (`fm`)**: Ends with a token in the `final` place, indicating process completion.

The self-loops on `place2` and `place3` allow the process to re-enter those steps multiple times, simulating the possibility of re-submission of documents or re-investigation in case of fraud. The exact number of iterations depends on how the Petri net is used, as tokens in places control transition availability.