1. What is the total frequency of declarations that are approved and paid out? (Confidence: High)
2. How many declarations are rejected by the administration and then resubmitted? (Confidence: High)
3. What is the average performance (time taken) for declarations that are approved by the administration and then rejected by the supervisor? (Confidence: Medium)
4. How many declarations are rejected by the pre-approver and then approved by the same pre-approver after resubmission? (Confidence: Medium)
5. What is the total performance (time taken) for declarations that reach the 'Payment Handled' stage? (Confidence: High)
6. How many declarations are saved by the employee but not submitted? (Confidence: High)
7. What is the average performance (time taken) for declarations that are approved by the budget owner and then final approved by the supervisor? (Confidence: Medium)
8. How many declarations are rejected due to missing information, and how many are resubmitted and approved? (Confidence: Medium)
9. What is the total frequency of declarations that are rejected by the system (employee, administration, pre-approver, budget owner, supervisor)? (Confidence: High)
10. How many declarations are rejected by the budget owner and then resubmitted and approved? (Confidence: Medium)
11. What is the average performance (time taken) for declarations that are rejected twice by the same approver and then approved? (Confidence: Low)
12. How many declarations are rejected three times and then approved? (Confidence: Low)
13. What is the average performance (time taken) for declarations that are approved by the administration and then final approved by the supervisor? (Confidence: High)
14. How many declarations are approved by the pre-approver and then final approved by the supervisor? (Confidence: Medium)
15. What is the total performance (time taken) for declarations that are rejected by the system? (Confidence: Medium)
16. How many declarations are rejected by the administration and then resubmitted three times before approval? (Confidence: Low)
17. What is the average performance (time taken) for declarations that are rejected by the administration and then resubmitted for approval? (Confidence: Medium)
18. How many declarations are rejected by the budget owner and then resubmitted two times before approval? (Confidence: Low)
19. How many declarations are rejected due to missing information and then resubmitted and approved? (Confidence: Medium)
20. Which approver (administration, pre-approver, budget owner, supervisor) takes the longest average time to approve or reject a declaration? (Confidence: Medium)