<think>
Okay, I need to create a temporal profile for this complex supply chain process. Let's see... The activities are SS, OP, RC, QI, CA, PT, PK, WS, DT, AS. Each activity can follow another with some average time and standard deviation.

First, I should consider which pairs of activities might follow each other in the same execution. For example, after Supplier Selection (SS), they probably place an Order (OP). Then RC would come next as the components arrive. After that, Quality Inspection (QI) is likely. Then Component Assembly (CA), followed by Testing (PT), Packaging (PK), Storage (WS), Distribution (DT), and finally AS.

But there might be pairs that aren't directly connected but still follow each other eventually. For example, SS could influence DT indirectly through the supply chain steps. But maybe I should focus on direct or closely related pairs first.

I need to estimate average times for these steps. Let's think about typical durations in such a process. Supplier Selection might take days. Order Placement could be quick, hours or a day. Receiving components could vary depending on shipping time, so maybe a few days. Quality Inspection might take a day, Assembly another day, Testing perhaps a day, Packaging an hour, Storage variable but let's say a week before distribution, Distribution itself could take days, and After-Sales Support is ongoing.

Standard deviations would be higher for longer processes with more variability. For example, receiving components has more uncertainty in shipping times compared to the short duration of Packaging.

Now I need to pick pairs that are significant and form part of the temporal profile. Let's start with direct adjacent steps but also some indirect ones where activities still have a notable time relationship.
</think>

```python
temporal_profile = {
    # Direct sequential relationships
    ('SS', 'OP'): (86400, 21600),      # Supplier Selection to Order Placement: ~1 day avg with high variance
    ('OP', 'RC'): (360000, 144000),    # Order Placement to Receive Components: varies from few days to weeks
    ('RC', 'QI'): (86400, 25920),      # Receiving to Quality Inspection: ~1 day with medium variance
    
    ('QI', 'CA'): (86400, 25920),      # Quality Inspection to Assembly: ~1 day 
    ('CA', 'PT'): (86400, 25920),      # Assembly to Testing: ~1 day
    ('PT', 'PK'): (1800, 720),         # Testing to Packaging: few hours
    
    # Indirect relationships spanning multiple steps
    ('SS', 'DT'): (432000, 518400),    # Supplier Selection to Distribution: ~5 days avg, weeks possible variance
    ('OP', 'AS'): (777600, 259200),    # Order Placement to After-Sales Support: ~9 days on average
    
    # Warehouse related activities
    ('PK', 'WS'): (172800, 43200),     # Packaging to Warehouse Storage: few days storage before distribution
    ('WS', 'DT'): (259200, 345600)     # Warehouse Storage to Distribution: ~3-7 day variability
}
```

This temporal profile captures both direct sequential relationships and indirect dependencies between activities in the supply chain process. The estimated times reflect typical durations for each step while accounting for common variations:

1. Direct sequence steps like Order Placement to Receiving Components have longer standard deviations due to transportation uncertainties.
2. Quality control steps (QI, CA, PT) show consistent ~1-day intervals with moderate variance.
3. Shorter activities like Testing and Packaging have smaller average times but still include some variability.
4. Indirect relationships capture end-to-end process timelines:
   - From Supplier Selection to Distribution spans multiple stages
   - Order Placement influences After-Sales Support duration

The standard deviations are sized appropriately for each activity type, with longer processes having larger variances than shorter ones. This profile should help identify anomalies in the actual execution times during monitoring or analysis of supply chain processes.