 Based on the provided directly-follows graph, I will try to describe the process for each type of object.

1. Handling Unit:
The process starts with collecting goods into a handling unit, followed by loading the handling unit onto a truck.

2. Truck:
The process for trucks starts with loading a truck with goods, which can be repeated multiple times. Then, the truck is loaded to be driven to the terminal. Once at the terminal, the truck can be unloaded and loaded again, before driving back to the terminal. This process can loop indefinitely.

3. Container:
The container process starts with loading goods into a truck, which can be repeated with new trucks picking up and loading additional containers. Once loaded, the truck drives to the terminal, where the container is unloaded. It is then weighed and loaded to a vehicle. The vehicle departs, and the container is placed in stock. The container can then either be retrieved from the stock and loaded on the same vehicle (loop) or be rescheduled for another vehicle.

4. Vehicle:
The process for vehicles begins with loading goods from a container or forklift. Vehicles are usually booked in advance for specific tasks. Once the vehicle is loaded, it departs. Vehicles can be booked for a new task before or after departure. If rescheduling occurs after departure, the vehicle might return for further loading, or the tasks might be assigned to other vehicles.

5. Forklift:
Forklift activities consist mainly of loading and unloading goods from trucks and vehicles in the loading bay and moving the goods between various stations. Throughout the process, the forklift may load or unload goods in the following sequence: loading to vehicle, moving to the loading bay, weighing, and placing in stock, which might be interrupted due to rescheduled containers.

6. Customer Order:
Once a customer order is registered, it moves to the creation of a transport document for shipping, which is then processed further in the Transport Document section (see above).

7. Transport Document:
Creation of a transport document triggers the booking of vehicles, which can lead to ordering empty containers, departing, and handling rescheduled containers. The main objective of a transport document is to coordinate a smooth delivery process.