1. What is the most common process variant for a declaration to be submitted and approved by a supervisor? (Confidence: 95%)
2. What is the frequency of the process variant where a declaration is approved by the administration, budget owner, and supervisor before payment is handled? (Confidence: 95%)
3. What is the average performance time for the process variant where a declaration is rejected by the administration and employee before being resubmitted and approved? (Confidence: 90%)
4. How many times has a declaration been saved by an employee without being submitted? (Confidence: 90%)
5. What is the performance difference between the process variant with a pre-approver and the one without? (Confidence: 85%)
6. How many times has a declaration been rejected by the administration and not resubmitted? (Confidence: 85%)
7. What is the most common reason for a declaration to be rejected by the supervisor? (Confidence: 80%)
8. How many times has a declaration been rejected due to missing information? (Confidence: 80%)
9. What is the performance of the process variant where a declaration is approved by the administration but rejected by the supervisor? (Confidence: 80%)
10. How many times has a declaration been resubmitted after being rejected twice by the administration and employee? (Confidence: 80%)
11. What is the average performance time for the process variant where a declaration is approved by the administration and supervisor without needing additional approvals? (Confidence: 75%)
12. How many times has a payment been handled without any rejections in the process? (Confidence: 75%)
13. What is the performance difference between the process variants with and without a budget owner approval? (Confidence: 70%)
14. How many times has a declaration been rejected by the pre-approver? (Confidence: 70%)
15. What is the frequency of the process variant where a declaration is rejected by the supervisor twice before being approved? (Confidence: 70%)
16. How many times has a declaration been resubmitted three times before being approved and leading to payment handling? (Confidence: 65%)
17. What is the average performance time for the process variant where a declaration is rejected by the administration, employee, and then approved after resubmission? (Confidence: 65%)
18. How many times has a declaration been rejected by the budget owner? (Confidence: 60%)
19. What is the performance of the process variant where a declaration is approved by the administration, rejected by the supervisor, and then approved after resubmission? (Confidence: 60%)
20. How many times has a declaration been handled with the involvement of all the roles (employee, administration, pre-approver, budget owner, supervisor)? (Confidence: 60%)