
The process variants of the unprotected group, also known as alternative flow diagrams, involve different steps in a process flow that do not necessarily lead to a successful outcome (i.e., where the tenant cancels their apartment). These variants differ from the main process flow in terms of the number of steps involved and the possible outcomes.

Here are some of the main differences:

1. Number of Steps: The main process flow has 9 steps, while the process variants have between 2 and 13 steps, depending on the variant.
2. Outcomes: The main process flow has one successful outcome (i.e., where the tenant signs the lease agreement), while most of the process variants have only one successful outcome as well (i.e., when the tenant signs the lease agreement), but some of them may also include outcomes such as the tenant not finding the apartment suitable, or not wanting to pay the rent amount.
3. Variations in Screening Steps: Some process variants include steps such as extensive screening, which is not included in the main process flow. This step may be added to increase the chances of a successful outcome (i.e., when the tenant is deemed suitable and willing to pay the rent).
4. Variations in Payment Steps: Some process variants include more payment-related steps such as paying rent in advance, or making partial payments until the end of the lease term. These variations may be added to increase the chances of a successful outcome (i.e., when the tenant is able to pay the rent consistently and on time).
5. Variations in Termination Steps: Some process variants include more termination-related steps such as early termination, or canceling the lease agreement due to unforeseen circumstances. These variations may be added to increase the flexibility of the process (i.e., when the tenant needs to move out for reasons other than not paying rent).
6. Complexity: The main process flow has a moderate level of complexity (9 steps), while most of the process variants have a higher level of complexity (2-13 steps) due to the additional steps included in the flow diagrams.
7. Uncertainty: The process variants may introduce more uncertainty into the process as there is a wider range of possible outcomes and a greater number of steps that need to be completed successfully. In contrast, the main process flow has a higher level of certainty as there is only one successful outcome (i.e., when the tenant signs the lease agreement) and a smaller number of steps that need to be completed successfully.