Sensitive attributes for fairness in this context could be:

1. `resource`: This attribute represents the people performing the activities in the process. If there are imbalances in the distribution of resources, this could lead to unfair outcomes in the process. For example, if the process is disproportionately performed by certain employees, this could result in unequal access to resources and potentially unfair treatment of patients.

2. `case:gender` and `case:german speaking`: These attributes could be sensitive as they could affect the types of treatments or diagnoses given. For example, if there is a higher proportion of male patients, certain treatments or diagnoses might be more common, potentially leading to unfair outcomes. Similarly, if a certain language is more prevalent among patients, this could potentially affect the quality of care.

3. `case:private_insurance`: This attribute could be sensitive as it could affect the types of treatment, potentially leading to unfair outcomes. For example, if a certain type of treatment is only available to patients with private insurance, this could lead to unfair outcomes if people without private insurance are unable to access this treatment.

4. `case:underlying_condition`: This attribute could be sensitive as it could affect the types of treatment. For example, if a certain treatment is only available for patients with a certain underlying condition, this could lead to unfair outcomes if patients without this condition are unable to access this treatment.

5. `time`: This attribute could be sensitive as it could affect the fairness of the process over time. For example, if the process is more frequent or slower at certain times, this could lead to unfair outcomes.

6. `start_timestamp`: This attribute could be sensitive as it could affect the fairness of the process over time. For example, if the process is more frequent or slower at certain times, this could lead to unfair outcomes.

7. `case:citizen` and `case:underlying_condition`: These attributes could be sensitive as they could affect the types of treatment or diagnoses given. For example, if there is a higher proportion of non-citizens, certain treatments or diagnoses might be more common, potentially leading to unfair outcomes. Similarly, if a certain condition is more common in non-citizens, this could potentially affect the fairness of the process.