1. What percentage of processes end with a payment after the creation of a fine? (Confidence: High)
2. What is the average performance of the process from the creation of a fine to the sending of a fine? (Confidence: Medium)
3. How many processes include the step of inserting a fine notification? (Confidence: Low)
4. What is the highest frequency of the step "Add penalty" in the processes? (Confidence: Low)
5. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Add penalty" to the step "Send for Credit Collection"? (Confidence: Medium)
6. How many processes include the step "Send Appeal to Prefecture"? (Confidence: Low)
7. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Send Appeal to Prefecture" to the step "Receive Result Appeal from Prefecture"? (Confidence: Medium)
8. How many processes end with a payment after the creation of a fine and the sending of a fine? (Confidence: Medium)
9. What is the average performance of the process from the creation of a fine to the step "Insert Fine Notification"? (Confidence: Medium)
10. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Send for Credit Collection" to the step "Payment"? (Confidence: Medium)
11. How many processes include the step "Appeal to Judge"? (Confidence: Low)
12. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Appeal to Judge" to the step "Payment"? (Confidence: Medium)
13. What is the most frequent step in the processes? (Confidence: Low)
14. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Payment" to the step "Insert Fine Notification"? (Confidence: Medium)
15. How many processes include the step "Notify Result Appeal to Offender"? (Confidence: Low)
16. What is the average performance of the process from the creation of a fine to the step "Send for Credit Collection"? (Confidence: Medium)
17. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Send Appeal to Prefecture" to the step "Notify Result Appeal to Offender"? (Confidence: Medium)
18. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Payment" to the step "Payment"? (Confidence: Medium)
19. How many processes include the step "Appeal to Judge" after the creation of a fine? (Confidence: Low)
20. What is the average performance of the process from the step "Notify Result Appeal to Offender" to the step "Payment"? (Confidence: Medium)