1. What is the most frequent process variant and what is its performance score? (Confidence: High)
2. Which process variant has the highest performance score and what is its frequency? (Confidence: High)
3. How many process variants include the "Payment" activity? (Confidence: High)
4. What is the frequency of the process variant that includes "Add penalty" and "Send for Credit Collection" activities? (Confidence: Medium)
5. Which process variants involve the "Insert Date Appeal to Prefecture" activity? (Confidence: High)
6. How many process variants include the "Appeal to Judge" activity? (Confidence: High)
7. What is the performance score of the process variant that includes "Insert Date Appeal to Prefecture" and "Send Appeal to Prefecture" activities? (Confidence: Medium)
8. How many process variants result in a "Payment" activity without any penalties added? (Confidence: Medium)
9. Which process variant has the lowest frequency? (Confidence: High)
10. What is the performance score of the process variant that includes "Insert Fine Notification" and "Add penalty" activities? (Confidence: Medium)
11. How many process variants include the "Receive Result Appeal from Prefecture" activity? (Confidence: High)
12. What is the frequency of the process variant that includes "Insert Fine Notification" and "Payment" activities? (Confidence: Medium)
13. Which process variants include the "Notify Result Appeal to Offender" activity? (Confidence: High)
14. How many process variants include the "Send Fine" activity? (Confidence: High)
15. What is the performance score of the process variant that includes "Send Fine" and "Insert Fine Notification" activities? (Confidence: Medium)
16. How many process variants include the "Add penalty" activity more than once? (Confidence: Medium)
17. What is the performance score of the process variant that includes "Insert Fine Notification" and "Add penalty" activities and ends with "Payment"? (Confidence: Medium)
18. Which process variant has the highest frequency among those that include the "Appeal to Judge" activity? (Confidence: Medium)
19. How many process variants include the "Insert Date Appeal to Prefecture" activity but do not result in a "Payment" activity? (Confidence: Medium)
20. What is the performance score of the process variant that includes "Insert Fine Notification" and "Add penalty" activities and ends with "Send for Credit Collection"? (Confidence: Medium)