
<think>
Okay, I need to tackle this problem step by step. Let me start by understanding what's given. The user provided a temporal profile model showing average times between different activities in an insurance claim process. They also mentioned some anomalies in the model, like unusually low or high times or standard deviations, and asked me to come up with my own analysis and SQL queries to check these.

First, the task is to identify the anomalies in the temporal profile. The example given already lists some, but I should list them again as per my own analysis. Let me look at each pair in the model:

Starting with ('R', 'P') which has an average of 90000 seconds (which is 25 hours) and a very low standard deviation (1 hour). That's a tight spread, so maybe approvals are happening very consistently, which is suspicious. Maybe automated, but why such a low SD?

Then ('P', 'N') has an average of 604800 seconds (7 days) with a high SD of 172800 (2 days). That's a long time between approval and notification. Maybe there's a delay in the notification process, or some cases take longer than others, leading to high variance.

('A', 'C') averages 7200 seconds (2 hours) with 3600 SD (1 hour). If closing happens so quickly after assignment, maybe some claims are being closed without proper steps in between?

('E', 'N') has 300 seconds (5 minutes) with 60 SD (1 minute). That's a very short time. Maybe the system is automatically notifying right after evaluation, which might skip steps or is too fast for human processing.

Now, for hypotheses. For each anomaly, possible reasons need to be thought of. Let's brainstorm:

For ('R', 'P): Maybe an automatic approval step skips evaluation? Or maybe some claims are pre-approved, leading to consistent time. Or maybe data entry errors where the timestamps are recorded incorrectly.

For ('P', 'N): Maybe there's a backlog in the notification step, causing delays. Or maybe some approvals trigger notifications only after certain conditions, like waiting for payment processing, which varies in time. Or maybe some notifications are done manually and staff are overworked, leading to delays.

('A', 'C): Premature closure might be due to errors in the system, like claims being assigned but not properly processed, or maybe a technical issue where assignment and closure are logged incorrectly. Maybe some claims are closed without going through all steps, like evaluation or approval.

('E', 'N): The quick transition might be due to an automatic trigger where as soon as evaluation is done, the system immediately sends a notification without needing approval, which might violate the intended workflow. Or maybe the 'E' and 'N' steps are sometimes merged, leading to such short times.

Next, verification via SQL. Need to write queries that check for these anomalies in the data. Let's think about how to structure the queries.

For each activity pair, calculate the time between them and see if they fall outside the average plus/minus some multiple of STDEV. For example, for R to P, the average is 25 hours, SD 1 hour. If a claim's time between R and P is way off, that's an anomaly. So a query could find claims where the time between R and P is outside, say, 25 ± 3*1 hours (to account for 3 SDs). But since the example mentioned the low SD, maybe looking for claims where the time is exactly at the average, indicating something's automated?

Alternatively, for the ('P', 'N') pair, looking for cases where the time between approval and notification is way over 7 days, or way under, which would highlight inconsistencies. Maybe some claims are taking 10 days, others a day, leading to high SD.

For the ('A', 'C') pair, checking if the time from assignment to closure is less than, say, the time needed for all steps in between. Like, if assignment to closure is 2 hours, but normally there's evaluation and approval steps that should take longer. So maybe find claims where the time between A and C is less than the sum of the average times of the steps in between.

The 'E to N' case, check if there are claims where E to N is under 5 minutes plus SD. That might indicate steps were skipped. Maybe join with other tables like claims or adjusters to see if certain adjusters or regions have these patterns.

Also, the prompt wants to correlate these anomalies with adjusters, regions, or claim types. So queries should include GROUP BY on adjuster_id, region, claim_type etc., and see if some groups have more outliers.

Wait, but how do I structure the SQL to calculate the time between two activities? The claim_events table has activity and timestamps. So for a pair like R to A, for each claim_id, I need to find the first R timestamp and the first A timestamp after R, then compute the difference. But how to do that in SQL?

Hmm, maybe using window functions. For example, for each claim_id, for each event, get the timestamp of R and A, then subtract. But need to get the correct ordering.

Alternatively, for each claim, find the timestamp of activity 'R', then the next occurrence of 'A' after that, compute the time difference. Similarly for other pairs.

So for the R to P pair:

SELECT claim_id, 
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p_timestamp - r_timestamp)) as time_diff
FROM (
  SELECT c.claim_id, 
    (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events 
     WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = 'P'
     ORDER BY timestamp ASC LIMIT 1) AS p_timestamp,
    (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events 
     WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = 'R'
     ORDER BY timestamp ASC LIMIT 1) AS r_timestamp
  FROM claims c
) sub
WHERE p_timestamp IS NOT NULL AND r_timestamp IS NOT NULL;

But this might be too slow. Alternatively, using LAG or LEAD functions, but perhaps it's better to use a self-join or window functions to get the timestamps for each activity pair.

Alternatively, for each claim, list all events in order, then calculate the time between specific activities. Maybe for each claim, for each activity, find the next activity's timestamp. But need to structure this properly.

Alternatively, for each activity pair (like R to A), get for each claim the R's timestamp, then the A's timestamp that comes after R, and compute the difference. So for each pair (ACT1, ACT2), the time between them is the timestamp of ACT2 minus ACT1's timestamp for the same claim.

This requires for each claim, getting the first occurrence of ACT1, then the next occurrence of ACT2 after that. So for R and A, it's straightforward since the process steps are supposed to be in order. The process steps are R, A, E, P, N, C. So the order should be maintained.

Assuming that each activity occurs only once per claim, but maybe some steps are repeated? The problem statement says it's the process steps in order, so each activity occurs once in order. So the timestamps for each activity per claim should be in sequence.

Therefore, for each pair of activities, like R to P, we can get the time between their timestamps. 

So, for each claim, the time between R and P would be the timestamp of P minus R. Similarly for others.

Thus, to compute the time between two activities, for each claim, get the timestamps of the two activities and compute the difference.

So the general approach for each activity pair (A,B):

SELECT claim_id, 
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (b.timestamp - a.timestamp) AS time_diff
FROM claim_events a
JOIN claim_events b ON a.claim_id = b.claim_id
WHERE a.activity = 'R' AND b.activity = 'P'
AND b.timestamp > a.timestamp
AND ... ensuring this is the first occurrence.

Wait, but need to ensure that a is the first occurrence of R, and b is the first occurrence of P after R. Since the process steps are in order, the first occurrence of P after R should be the one we want.

Alternatively, since the process is in order, each claim will have the activities in order, so for each claim, the P's timestamp is after R's, and so on.

Therefore, for each claim, the time between R and P is simply the difference between their timestamps.

But to get the exact times, perhaps the following steps:

For each claim, gather all events, ordered by timestamp, then for each pair of activities, compute their time difference. But this could get complex.

Alternatively, for each pair (ACT1, ACT2):

SELECT c.claim_id, 
       (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events 
        WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = ACT2 
        ORDER BY timestamp ASC LIMIT 1) 
        - 
       (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events 
        WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = ACT1 
        ORDER BY timestamp ASC LIMIT 1) AS time_diff
FROM claims c;

But this might not be efficient, but for the purpose of the query examples, it's okay.

Alternatively, using window functions to get the timestamps for each activity:

SELECT
    claim_id,
    MAX(CASE WHEN activity = 'R' THEN timestamp END) AS R_time,
    MAX(CASE WHEN activity = 'A' THEN timestamp END) AS A_time,
    ... and so on for all activities.

But that would require a pivot, which in PostgreSQL can be done with conditional aggregation. Then compute the differences between the timestamps for each activity pair.

Alternatively, for each activity pair, compute the time as above.

Once we have the time_diff, we can compare it against the expected average and SD.

Now, for each anomaly, the verification would involve:

For the R to P anomaly (low SD):

Find claims where the time between R and P is within a very narrow range. Maybe check if most claims have exactly 25 hours, which would indicate automation.

For the P to N long delay:

Find claims where the P to N time is way above 7 days, or below, and see if there's a pattern.

For the A to C quick closure, check claims where the time between A and C is less than the expected steps in between. Maybe check if the E and P steps are missing? Or if they are present but their timestamps are very close to A and C.

Wait, the A to C average is 2 hours. If the process requires E, P, N steps in between, then the time from A to C should include those steps. If it's only 2 hours, perhaps those steps are being skipped, or done very quickly.

So, possible hypotheses: some claims are being closed immediately after assignment, bypassing evaluation and approval. That would mean that in those claims, maybe the E, P, N steps are missing or their timestamps are not recorded properly.

Similarly, for E to N, the 5 minute average is very short. Maybe the system automatically sends a notification as soon as evaluation is done, without human intervention, leading to quick times, but maybe some steps are missing.

Now, for the SQL queries, I need to construct them to detect these scenarios.

Let me structure the answer:

First, list the anomalies based on the temporal_profile.

1. R to P: average 25h, very low SD (1h). So most claims take exactly 25h, which is suspicious. Hypothesis: automated approval skipping steps or data entry error.

2. P to N: 7 days average, high SD. Perhaps some cases take much longer, others quicker. Maybe some are backlogged, or some get expedited.

3. A to C: 2h average. That's too quick. Maybe claims are being closed too fast, skipping steps.

4. E to N: 5 minutes. Maybe auto-notification, but maybe steps are missing.

Hypotheses:

For R to P: Perhaps the approval is automatic once received, so the time is fixed. Or maybe the system is logging the approval time right after receive, but in reality the approval is done later but the data is incorrect.

Hypothesis for P to N: Maybe there's a system backlog causing delays in sending notifications, or some approvals are done during off-hours leading to delays. Alternatively, sometimes notifications are done manually, so some adjusters take longer.

Hypothesis for A to C: Maybe some adjusters are closing claims without completing the steps. Or maybe the system is set to auto-close after assignment if certain conditions are met, but that's not standard.

E to N: Maybe the system is set to auto-notify right after evaluation, but that might mean skipping approval, which is a problem.

Now, the SQL queries. Let's think for each anomaly:

For R to P anomaly (low SD):

SELECT * FROM claims c
JOIN claim_events r ON c.claim_id = r.claim_id AND r.activity = 'R'
JOIN claim_events p ON c.claim_id = p.claim_id AND p.activity = 'P'
WHERE (EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp)) BETWEEN (90000 - 3*600) AND (90000 + 3*600) )

Wait, but the anomaly is the LOW SD, meaning most are clustered around the average. So the query would look for claims where the time is within a very narrow window. But to verify the anomaly, maybe count how many claims have a time difference within a narrow range, which would indicate the SD is low. Alternatively, to find outliers, but the anomaly itself is the low SD. So perhaps the query would compute the actual average and SD for that pair, but maybe the user wants to find claims that are outside of the expected range, but the model's average and SD are given. Wait, the problem says that the temporal profile is the model, so the anomalies are based on those averages and SDs. So, for each activity pair, the anomalies in the model are given, so the verification queries would look for claims where the time between the activities is outside the expected range (average ± 2 or 3 SDs), or anything beyond that).

Wait, the user says "verify the anomalies" by checking where the actual times are outside of the model's average +/- some multiple of STDEV. So the verification steps would involve:

1. For each problematic pair in the model, find claims where the actual time between the activities is outside the expected range.

2. Then, analyze those claims' other attributes (adjuster, region, claim_type) to see patterns.

So for example, for the R to P pair:

SELECT claim_id, 
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp) AS time_diff
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id AND p.activity = 'P'
WHERE r.activity = 'R' AND p.timestamp > r.timestamp
HAVING time_diff BETWEEN (90000 - 3*600) AND (90000 + 3*600) -- but the anomaly is that the SD is low, so maybe instead, the variance is low, so the query could check how many claims have time_diff close to the mean, but perhaps the user wants to find claims that are outside the model's average plus some multiple SD. Wait, the anomaly is the model's own stats are suspicious. So the verification would check whether actual data aligns with those stats, but the model's stats themselves are the problem. Wait, perhaps the model is based on the data, so the anomalies are in the model's averages/SDs, so the queries should look for which claims contribute to this.

Alternatively, maybe the model's averages are incorrect, and the actual data has wider variability. Wait, the problem says the model shows these averages, which are anomalous, so the LLM is to propose queries to verify why these averages are as such.

Hmm, perhaps the verification is to see if those averages are correct, and then find which claims or factors cause them. But since the model's averages are given, the queries would check which claims have times outside the expected ranges, then correlate with other factors.

Wait, the task is to propose verification methods. The user wants SQL queries to check these anomalies. So for each anomaly, create a query that identifies claims where the time between two activities is outside the model's average ± a ZETA factor (like ZETA=3 SD). The problem mentions "ZETA factor", so the user example says deviations beyond ZETA. So perhaps the queries should find claims where the time between activities is outside (avg ± ZETA * SD). Let's assume ZETA=3.

So for R-P pair:

SELECT c.claim_id, (p.ts - r.ts) as diff_seconds
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id AND p.activity = 'P'
WHERE r.activity = 'R' AND p.ts > r.ts
AND (EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.ts - r.ts)) < (90000 - 3*600)) OR > (90000 + 3*600));

Wait, but the model's STDEV for R-P is 600 seconds (10 mins?), but the given model says ('R','P') has STDEV 3600? Wait, looking back:

Wait in the sample temporal_profile:

Looking back at the example given:

The model's entry for ('R','P') is (90000, 3600). Wait, the user wrote:

temporal_profile includes:

('R', 'A'): (3600, 600)

('R', 'E'): (86400, 28800)

('R', 'P'): (90000, 3600)  which is 25 hours (90000/3600=25h), STDEV 1 hour (3600 seconds). So the average is 25h, STDEV 1h. So the ZETA factor (e.g., 3 SD) would be 25h ± 3*1h  22h to 28h. But the problem says the low STDEV is the anomaly. So the query would look for claims that fall within a very narrow range, but the STDEV being low is an anomaly in the model's data. To verify the anomaly, we can check the actual data's SD. But the user wants to find claims that are outside the model's expected range, to see if the model's averages/SDs are correct, or find which claims are causing the low SD.

Alternatively, the queries should find claims where the time between activities is outside the model's average ± 3*SD. For example, for R-P:

SELECT * FROM claims WHERE (time between R and P) is outside (90000 ± 3*3600). So 25h ± 10800 seconds (3 hours). So 22h to 28h. Claims outside this range would be anomalies? But the model's STDEV is low, so maybe most claims are within 24h to 26h. To see that, the query could count how many claims fall within a narrow band, showing low variance.

Alternatively, maybe the low SD indicates that all the times are very close, so the query can calculate the variance and see if it's indeed low. But the user wants to find claims that contribute to the anomaly. Hmm.

Alternatively, the verification steps are to find claims that have times outside the model's average ± 3*SD, to see if those are exceptions or if the model is correct. But since the model's own STDEV is low, the query might be to see if the actual data really has such a low SD.

Alternatively, the user wants to find instances where the actual times deviate, but the model's STDEV is already low. Maybe the problem is that the average is too low (like, the average of 25h for R to P is suspicious because it should take longer with more steps, so even if SD is low, the average itself might be wrong. But the user's example anomaly is the low SD, so the query would show that the times are tightly clustered.

Hmm, maybe the queries should:

For the R-P anomaly (low SD):

SELECT * FROM claim_events... to see the distribution. But perhaps the verification is to find claims where the R-P duration is exactly the average, or within a small range.

Alternatively, the query could group by claim_id and calculate the time, then find the variance.

But the user might want to see which claims are within a narrow band (indicating low SD), thereby explaining the model's low SD.

Alternatively, the verification steps could involve counting the number of claims where the time between R and P is within a very small range, which would support the low SD.

Alternatively, the user's example anomaly says the STDEV is suspiciously low. So the verification is to check if the actual data indeed has low variance. Maybe:

SELECT 
    AVG(EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp)) AS avg_time,
    STDDEV(EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp)) AS std_dev
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id
WHERE r.activity = 'R' AND p.activity = 'P' AND p.timestamp > r.timestamp;

But this would calculate the actual average and SD, but the user's model already has the averages, so perhaps the query just confirms that the SD is low, but the question is to propose queries that can find the causes of the anomaly.

Alternatively, to find claims where the time between R and P is exactly average (like, exactly 25h), indicating automation. So:

SELECT * FROM claims WHERE the time between R and P is between 24h and 26h, and count the number, showing that most are within that, leading to low SD.

But perhaps better to look for claims where the time is exactly 25h, which might indicate a batch process that sets the time automatically.

Alternatively, the low SD suggests that all R-P times are tightly clustered. So the query could find claims where the time is within a very tight window, which would highlight the anomaly.

Alternatively, the hypothesis is that some adjusters are causing this. So the query could group by adjuster_id to see if a particular adjuster is responsible.

So for R-P:

SELECT a.adjuster_id, COUNT(*) 
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id AND p.activity='P' AND p.timestamp > r.timestamp
JOIN claims c ON c.claim_id = r.claim_id
JOIN adjusters adj ON adj.adjuster_id = ? Hmm, but the adjuster is in the resource column in the claim_events table? Wait, the adjuster is in the adjusters table, but the claim_events' resource column might be the adjuster_id? Wait, looking back at the schema:

claim_events has a 'resource' column which is the resource performing the activity. The adjusters table has adjuster_id. So perhaps the 'resource' in claim_events is the adjuster_id. Wait, the resource column's description says "The resource performing the activity". The adjusters have adjuster_id as primary key. So perhaps the 'resource' in claim_events is the adjuster_id for the 'Assign' activity, but maybe for other activities, the resource could be different. For example, 'Assign' activity's resource is the adjuster who was assigned. So to link to adjusters, need to look at the activity 'A' and its resource (adjuster_id).

Alternatively, perhaps the 'resource' field in claim_events is a string like 'Adjuster 123' or similar, but the adjusters table's adjuster_id is the key. Maybe the resource is the adjuster's name or ID. The schema says 'resource' is a VARCHAR, so maybe it's the adjuster's name, but the adjusters table has name and adjuster_id. Hmm, perhaps the 'resource' in claim_events for activity 'A' would be the adjuster's ID or name. To link them, maybe:

For example, for activity 'A' (assign), the resource would be the adjuster assigned. So to find which adjusters are involved in the R-P steps.

But perhaps the exact joins is needed. Let's see:

First, to get the time between R and P for each claim:

SELECT c.claim_id, 
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp) AS time_diff,
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (e.timestamp - r.timestamp) AS E_time, etc.

But maybe the first step is to create a CTE or subquery that gets the time between each pair of activities for each claim.

Alternatively, for each pair (like R-P):

SELECT 
    c.claim_id,
    (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = 'P') 
    - 
    (SELECT timestamp FROM claim_events WHERE claim_id = c.claim_id AND activity = 'R') AS time_diff_sec
FROM claims c
WHERE ... 

This might not be efficient but for the purpose of the query, perhaps acceptable.

Alternatively, using window functions:

SELECT 
    ce.claim_id,
    MAX(CASE WHEN activity = 'R' THEN timestamp END) AS R_time,
    MAX(CASE WHEN activity = 'P' THEN timestamp END) AS P_time,
    (EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (P_time - R_time)) as diff
FROM claim_events
GROUP BY claim_id
HAVING diff IS NOT NULL;

Then, for the R-P pair, the average is 90000, SD 3600 (1h). So 3 SD would be 10800 seconds. So the acceptable range is 90000 ± 10800. So to find outliers, the query would select claims where diff < (avg - 3*stdev) or > (avg +3* stdev). But the anomaly is that the stdev is low, so the query may instead show that most claims are within a narrow band.

Alternatively, the verification queries should look for claims where the R-P time is exactly the average, indicating something's forcing that time.

Alternatively, the user wants to see which claims have times outside the model's parameters, but the model's STDEV is already low. Hmm, maybe the answer should include queries to identify claims where the time is exactly the average, which would show the low SD.

Alternatively, perhaps the model's data is correct, but the business process shouldn't have such a low SD. So, the verification is to find if there's a pattern causing it. So the query for R-P would look for claims where the time is very close to the average, which could be due to automated processes.

So for R-P's anomaly (low SD):

SELECT * from claims where the time between R and P is within, say, 24h to 26h (the model's average is 25h). If many are tightly bunched here, that's the anomaly.

Alternatively, the query to show the distribution:

SELECT 
    FLOOR(EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp)/3600) AS hours_diff,
    , COUNT(*) 
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id 
    AND p.activity = 'P' AND p.timestamp > r.timestamp
WHERE r.activity = 'R'
GROUP BY hours_diff
ORDER BY hours_diff;

This would show if the times are clustered around 25h.

Alternatively, for the R-P case, the verification query would be to find claims where the time between R and P is within a very narrow band, indicating the low SD.

Alternatively, the user might want to see if there's a particular adjuster causing this. For example, maybe all these claims are handled by an automated system that always takes exactly 25h, so the query would be:

SELECT a.specialization, COUNT(*), AVG(time_diff), etc.

Wait, perhaps the queries should also look at the adjusters involved. For example, for R-P, maybe the assignments are done by a certain adjuster who's very fast.

Alternatively, maybe the 'resource' in claim_events for activity 'P' is always the same system, leading to consistent times.

Hmm, this is gettingtting a bit complex. Let's proceed step by step.

First, list the anomalies as per the model's data.

Then, for each, hypotheses, then the SQL queries.

Let me proceed step by step as per the user's required structure:

1. Identify anomalies:

Looking at the temporal_profile dictionary:

Looking through each pair:

('R', 'A'): 1 hour avg, 10 minutes SD. That's okay? The anomaly isn't noted here. The user example's anomalies are the four mentioned. The user's example includes four anomalies: R-P, P N, A C, E N.

So the four anomalies are the four pairs mentioned in the example.

Now, in the temporal_profile, the first anomaly is ('R','P') having a very low SD (3600 seconds, which is 1 hour?), wait the model says:

Looking back, the temporal_profile has:

('R','A'): (3600, 600)  SD 10 minutes.

('R','E': 86400, 28800  SD 8 hours (28800 seconds is 8 hours).

('R','P': (90000, 3600). 90000 is 25 hours, SD 1 hour.

So the SD is 1 hour. That's a very tight STDEV. So the anomaly is that the time between R and P is very consistent, which might indicate automation or data entry error.

Next, ('P', 'N') has an average of 604800 seconds (7 days) and STDEV 172800 (2 days). So the high SD here. The anomaly is the high SD, indicating inconsistency.

Then ('A','C') has average 7200 (2h), SD 3600 (1h). The anomaly is the low average, suggesting early closure.

('E','N' has 300s (5 mins), SD 300 (5 mins? 300 seconds is 5 mins, so SD is 300 seconds (5 mins). So the average is 5 mins, SD 5 mins. That's a high SD? Wait the example says the average is 5 mins, SD 1 minute (since the entry says (300,60). Wait, looking back:

The example's temporal_profile:

('E', 'N'): (300, 60), so STDEV is 1 minute (60 seconds). Wait 300 is 5 mins, STDEV 1 minute. Wait that's a low SD. Wait the user example says for the E-N pair, the average is 5 mins (300s), STDEV 60 (1 minute). So the average is 5m, with very low SD. The user's anomaly explanation says that the E to N has a very short time, suggesting maybe steps are skipped. So the anomaly is the short time, but the SD is low, so the time is consistently short. So the query could check if there's a pattern here.

Hmm. Let me structure the answer step by step.

Now, the user wants the LLM to present the anomalies, hypotheses, and queries without referencing the initial example's explanations. The user provided the example explanation, but the LLM must generate their own.

Wait the user's example's explanation for the R-P is that the low SD indicates rigid schedule, maybe system error.

Now, proceeding as per the user's prompt, the LLM should, in their answer, first list the anomalies in the temporal profile (the four mentioned), then hypotheses for each, then SQL queries.

So the first part: identifying the anomalies in the temporal profile:

The anomalies are:

1. R to P has a very low standard deviation (1 hour), which is small compared to the average 25h). This suggests tightly controlled timing, possibly due to automated steps.

2. P to N has a high SD (2 days around a 7-day average), indicating inconsistent delays.

3. A to C has a short average (2h), suggesting possible premature closure.

4. E to N has an extremely short time (5 mins, implying maybe steps are skipped.

Hypotheses for each:

1. R-P's low SD: Maybe the approval step is triggered automatically right after submission, leading to fixed time. Or data entry error where the timestamps are logged incorrectly.

2. P to N's high SD: Some notifications are delayed due to backlogs, others are sent quickly, maybe some are automated and others manual.

3. A to C's short time: Claims are being closed immediately after assignment, skipping steps like evaluation or approval. Maybe some claims are closed without proper processing.

4. E to N's 5 min: The system auto-notifies immediately after evaluation, bypassing approval, or the steps are combined.

Queries:

For each anomaly, a query to find such cases and correlate with adjusters, regions, etc.

Example queries:

For R-P anomaly (low SD):

SELECT claim_id, 
EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.ts - r.ts) AS time_diff,
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id
WHERE r.activity = 'R' AND p.activity = 'P' AND p.ts > r.ts;

Then, to find cases where the time is very close to the average (25h):

SELECT * FROM ... WHERE time_diff between 90000 - 3600 and 90000 + 3600 (i.e, within 24h to 26h).

Wait, but the SD is 3600 (1h). So 3 SD would be 3h. So 25h ± 3h is 22h to 28h. But the anomaly is that the SD is low, so the query would show that most claims are within a 1 hour window around 25h.

Alternatively, to see if adjusters are the cause:

SELECT a.name, COUNT(*) 
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id AND p.activity = 'P' AND p.ts > r.ts
JOIN adjusters adj ON adj.adjuster_id = (SELECT resource FROM claim_events WHERE activity = 'A' and claim_id = r.claim_id) -- but need to get the adjuster involved in the process.

Hmm, perhaps for the R-P case, the adjuster might not be directly involved, but maybe the approval is automated, so adjusters might not be relevant here.

Alternatively, check if the 'resource' for the P activity is a particular system account.

The queries need to use the given tables, so perhaps:

For R-P:

Query 1: Find claims where the time between R and P is within 24h to 26h (the average ± SD). If most are in this, it supports the low SD.

SELECT 
    CE.R.timestamp,
    , P.timestamp
    , EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.timestamp - r.timestamp) AS diff
FROM claim_events r
JOIN claim_events p ON r.claim_id = p.claim_id
WHERE r.activity = 'R' AND p.activity = 'P' AND p.timestamp > r.timestamp;

Then, but in the query, perhaps:

SELECT 
    'R to P' AS anomaly,
    , COUNT(*) AS total_claims,
    , AVG(diff) AS avg_time,
    , STDDEV(diff) AS actual_std
FROM (subquery for R-P's time_diff)

But the user might want per-claim data, but since the model's data is already given, perhaps the query is to find claims where the time is exactly the average, or to find that the actual SD is indeed low.

Alternatively, the user wants to find claims that are far from the model's average, but the anomaly is the model's SD being low. So perhaps the query would calculate the actual SD to confirm.

But the user's task is to propose verification methods using SQL. So perhaps the queries are to find claims where the time between R and P is consistently close to 25h, hence low SD.

Alternatively, to find claims where the R to P time is exactly 25h, which would suggest automation. The query could be:

SELECT * FROM claims
JOIN claim_events r ON ... where the diff is between 24.5 and 25.5 hours.

But the exact SQL would need to calculate the time between R and P for each claim.

Alternatively, the first step is to select all claims and their R-P time, then group by adjuster or other columns.

Now, moving on, proceeding step by step.

Now, the SQL queries need to be presented. For each anomaly, propose a query that can verify the anomaly.

For example, for R-P:

Query 1: Identify claims where the time between R and P is within a very narrow window (like ± 10% of the average), suggesting rigidity.

SELECT c.claim_id, 
       (SELECT EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (p.ts - r.ts)) FROM ...)
       , ... 
But perhaps the query would be:

SELECT 
    ce_r.claim_id,
    , (EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (ce_p.timestamp - ce_r.timestamp))) AS rp_time
    , a.region
    , a.specialization
    , ... 
FROM claim_events ce_r
JOIN claim_events ce_p ON ce_r.claim_id = ce_p.claim_id
    AND ce_p.activity = 'P' AND ce_p.timestamp > ce_r.timestamp
WHERE ce_r.activity = 'R'
GROUP BY ce_r.claim_id, region, etc.

But the structure is getting the time between R and P for each claim, then group by adjuster or other attributes.

Alternatively, the first verification query for R-P's anomaly (low STDEV):

SELECT 
    'R to P' AS activity_pair,
    , AVG(diff) AS avg_time, 
    STDDEV(diff) AS std_dev
FROM (
    SELECT 
        ce_r.claim_id,
        EXTRACT(EPOCH FROM (