I can identify several potential performance issues in the process based on the directly follows graph:

1. High "Load Truck" self-loop frequency (Object type: Truck and Object type: Container). This might indicate that the truck loading process is not efficient or that there are inconsistencies in the process, leading to multiple attempts to load the same truck or container.
2. Long duration between "Collect Goods" and "Load Truck" (Object type: Handling Unit) - This can be an indication of waiting times or delays in the process of collecting goods and loading them onto trucks.
3. Long duration between "Place in Stock" and "Bring to Loading Bay" (Object type: Container) - The duration of 743380.51 can be an indication of delays or inefficiencies in moving the containers from the stock area to the loading bay.
4. High frequency of "Load to Vehicle" -> "Load to Vehicle" transitions (Object type: Vehicle) - This can indicate that there are several attempts to load the same vehicle or that the process of loading vehicles is not efficient.
5. Long duration between "Load to Vehicle" and "Depart" (Object type: Vehicle) - The duration of 89846.62 can be an indication of delays or inefficiencies in the process of loading vehicles and preparing them for departure.
6. Long duration between "Order Empty Containers" and "Pick Up Empty Container" (Object type: Container) - The duration of 368943.92 can indicate a delay in the process of ordering and picking up empty containers, which might lead to inefficiencies in the loading process.
7. Long duration between "Register Customer Order" and "Create Transport Document" (Object type: Customer Order) - The duration of 329005.22 can indicate delays or inefficiencies in processing customer orders and creating transport documents.
8. Long duration between "Book Vehicles" and "Load to Vehicle" (Object type: Vehicle) - The duration of 283101.01 can indicate delays or inefficiencies in the process of booking vehicles and loading them.

These performance issues might be caused by inefficiencies, bottlenecks, or inconsistencies in the processes. Further analysis would be needed to determine the specific root causes for these issues.