<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. So, the task is to create a Python dictionary representing a temporal profile based on a global supply chain process. The key is to include pairs of activities that are not directly connected but eventually follow each other. And each of those pairs should have an average time and standard deviation, not just the immediate ones.

First, I need to list out all the activities mentioned in the supply chain process. The activities are: Supplier Selection (SS), Order Placement (OP), Receive Components (RC), Quality Inspection (QI), Component Assembly (CA), Product Testing (PT), Packaging (PK), Warehouse Storage (WS), and Distribution (DT), After-Sales Support (AS). Wait, but the problem says to consider pairs of activities that may be separated by multiple steps. So, I need to look for pairs that are not adjacent in the sequence but eventually follow each other.

Let me think. In the process, each activity can follow another with some average delay and standard deviation. So, the temporal profile is built by considering all possible pairs that are not directly connected. But how do I structure the dictionary?

Let me list all possible pairs. The activities are in the order: SS, OP, RC, QI, CA, PT, PK, WS, DT, AS. So, each activity can follow others. Let me check for each possible pair.

For example, SS can follow OP, RC, QI, CA, PT, PK, WS, DT, AS. Similarly, OP can follow SS, RC, QI, CA, PT, PK, WS, DT, AS. But since the temporal profile considers pairs that are not directly connected but eventually follow each other, maybe pairs that are separated by multiple steps.

So, for example, SS can have a delay that's followed by OP, and OP can have a delay followed by RC. Similarly, RC followed by QI, etc. So, the pairs that are not directly connected would be those that are not in the immediate sequence. But how do I represent that in the dictionary?

The problem says to produce a dictionary with a representative subset. So, I need to choose a subset of these pairs. Let me think of possible pairs. Let's say SS and OP, OP and RC, RC and QI, QI and CA, CA and PT, PT and PK, PK and WS, WS and DT, DT and AS. Also, maybe SS and QI, SS and CA, etc. But need to make sure that each pair is considered once.

So, the dictionary keys would be tuples like ('SS', 'OP'), ('OP', 'RC'), ('RC', 'QI'), etc. Each value is a tuple of average and standard deviation.

Let me check the example given. The example included pairs like ('A', 'B') and ('B', 'C'), which are adjacent. So, the user wants pairs that are not adjacent but eventually follow. So, in the supply chain process, each activity can follow others, but the pairs that are not directly connected would be those that are separated by more steps.

So, for example, SS can be followed by OP, and OP by RC. Similarly, RC by QI, etc. So, the dictionary would have those pairs.

Now, I need to create a Python dictionary with those pairs. Let me make sure that each pair is present once. Let me list all possible pairs:

SS and OP

OP and RC

RC and QI

QI and CA

CA and PT

PT and PK

PK and WS

WS and DT

DT and AS

Also, SS and RC, SS and QI, SS and CA, SS and PT, SS and PK, SS and WS, SS and AS.

Wait, but the problem says to include a representative subset. So, maybe I need to pick a few. Let's say 5-6 pairs. But the example included 2 pairs. So, maybe include 5 pairs. Let me think of 5 pairs. Let me check each possible pair.

So, the possible pairs are:

1. SS and OP

2. OP and RC

3. RC and QI

4. QI and CA

5. CA and PT

6. PT and PK

7. PK and WS

8. WS and DT

9. DT and AS

10. SS and RC

11. SS and QI

12. SS and CA

13. SS and PT

14. SS and PK

15. SS and WS

16. SS and AS

So, the user's example includes 2 pairs, but the problem says to include a representative subset. Let me choose 5 pairs. But maybe the problem expects only those that are not adjacent. For example, in the example, the pairs are adjacent. So, perhaps in the supply chain, some pairs are separated by multiple steps.

For instance, SS can be followed by OP, and OP by RC. So, the pair SS and OP is adjacent, but the pair OP and RC is separated by one step. So, in the dictionary, we need to include both.

So, the dictionary would have entries for each of these pairs. Let me structure the Python dictionary accordingly.

So, the final answer would be a dictionary with those pairs, each having average and standard deviation. Since the problem says not to provide explicit numerical values, but to estimate, perhaps the example uses (86400, 3600), which are the example given, but in this case, we need to compute similar values for each pair.

Wait, the problem says to estimate the average and standard deviation, not provide numbers. So, perhaps for each pair, we can compute those values based on the process. For example, SS and OP: maybe the average delay is 100 seconds and standard deviation 10. But since the problem says to estimate, perhaps we can just represent them as (average, standard_deviation) tuples with placeholders.

But the example given uses specific values, so maybe in this case, the user expects similar values. But since the user says to estimate, perhaps the actual values can be computed based on the process. However, since the user provided an example with specific values, but in this case, we need to create the dictionary based on the process.

Alternatively, maybe the problem expects that the user fills in the values. But the problem says to produce a dictionary that includes a representative subset. So, perhaps the example is just an example, but in this case, we need to create the dictionary with those pairs.

So, the answer should be a Python dictionary with those pairs, each as a tuple of (average, standard_deviation). Let me structure that.

For example:

{
    ('SS', 'OP'): (100, 10),
    ('OP', 'RC'): (80, 15),
    ('RC', 'QI'): (50, 2),
    ('QI', 'CA'): (30, 1),
    ('CA', 'PT'): (15, 0.5),
    ('PT', 'PK'): (10, 0.1),
    ('PK', 'WS'): (5, 0.05),
    ('WS', 'DT'): (2, 0.01),
    ('DT', 'AS'): (1, 0.001),
}

But since the problem says to include a representative subset, maybe just include some. Let me make sure that all pairs are included. But perhaps the user expects to include all possible pairs that are not adjacent. Since the example only includes adjacent pairs, but the problem says to include a subset, maybe include all possible non-adjacent pairs.

But given that, perhaps the answer includes all possible pairs. However, the problem says "representative subset", so maybe just a few. But the example is just a subset. Let me check again.

The problem says: "produce a Python dictionary representing the temporal profile. For each pair of activities that appear in this global supply chain process in the event logs (not only directly connected, but eventually following each other), assign an estimated average time and standard deviation."

So, the temporal profile is built from all pairs that are not directly connected but eventually follow each other. So, in the supply chain process, each activity can follow others, so pairs that are not adjacent in the sequence. For example, SS can be followed by OP, which are adjacent in the process, but the pair (SS, OP) is considered. Similarly, OP can be followed by RC, which are adjacent. So, if we include those pairs, that's part of the dictionary.

So, the dictionary entries would be those pairs. Therefore, the answer should be a Python dictionary with those pairs. Let me make sure that all pairs are included. For example, in the example given, the pairs are adjacent. But if we include non-adjacent pairs, like SS followed by RC, that would be part of the dictionary.

So, in conclusion, the answer is a dictionary with those entries. Since the problem says to include a representative subset, perhaps include all possible pairs that are not adjacent. Let me proceed to create that dictionary.
</think>

```python
{
    ('SS', 'OP'): (100, 10),
    ('OP', 'RC'): (80, 15),
    ('RC', 'QI'): (50, 2),
    ('QI', 'CA'): (30, 1),
    ('CA', 'PT'): (15, 0.5),
    ('PT', 'PK'): (10, 0.1),
    ('PK', 'WS'): (5, 0.05),
    ('WS', 'DT'): (2, 0.01),
    ('DT', 'AS'): (1, 0.001),
}
```