This data describes a multi-step process that involves the submission and approval of a declaration, followed by the handling of a payment request. The process starts with a declaration being submitted by an employee, and can take several different paths based on the decisions made by various roles (e.g. administrator, pre-approver, budget owner, supervisor) at each step. Here is a description of the process based on the given data:

1. The process always starts with a declaration being submitted by an employee.
2. The declaration can be approved or rejected by the administration. If it is approved, the process continues to step 4. If it is rejected, the employee may have the option to revise and resubmit the declaration. In some cases, the declaration may be rejected multiple times before being approved.
3. If the declaration is approved by the administration, it may then be approved or rejected by a pre-approver or budget owner. If it is rejected, the process returns to step 2 (the employee may have the option to revise and resubmit the declaration). If it is approved, the process continues to step 5.
4. If the declaration is approved by the administration and not rejected by a pre-approver or budget owner, it is then approved by the supervisor. This leads to step 6.
5. If the declaration is approved by the supervisor, a payment request is made.
6. The payment request is handled, which likely involves the payment being processed and disbursed.

The data also includes information on the frequency of each step (i.e. how often each step occurs) and the performance (likely a measure of the time it takes for each step to be completed). The performance values suggest that some steps are more time-consuming than others. The process may also include some loops (e.g. the declaration being rejected and resubmitted multiple times) and parallel steps (e.g. the declaration being approved by the administration and then simultaneously approved or rejected by a pre-approver and a budget owner).